https://www.sbert.net/docs/pretrained_models.html
-----------------------------------------------------------------
python langchainTxtData.py "Give me summarized disclosures related to the investment product known as 'Mutual Fund'?"

Summary from just your docs:::::::::::::: 
Morgan Stanley and its Financial Advisors receive revenue sharing, expense payments, and administrative service fees from the fund families wi
th the largest client fund share holdings. Financial Advisors and their Branch Managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these payments. 
Mutual fund investments are subject to annual distribution, investment management, and/or 
shareholder service fees and expenses disclosed in the fund prospectus fee table. 
All or a portion of these 12b-1 fees are generally paid to Financial Advisors.

Summary from our docs and GPT::::::::::::::
The revenue sharing, expense payments, and administrative service fees for mutual funds present a conflict of interest for Morgan Stanley and its Financial Advisors. 
They receive significantly more from the fund families with the largest client fund share holdings at the firm. 
However, Financial Advisors and Branch Managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these payments.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
python langchainTxtData.py "Give some sample disclosures in paragraphs format, related to an investment product known as 'Mutual Fund'?"

Give some sample disclosures in paragraphs format, related to an investment product known as 'Mutual Fund'?

Summary from just your docs:::::::::::::: 
1. Mutual funds are subject to annual distribution, investment management and/or shareholder service fees and expenses disclosed in the fund prospectus fee table.
2. Financial Advisors and their Branch Managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of payments received by Morgan Stanley.
3. Revenue sharing presents a conflict of interest for Morgan Stanley and our Financial Advisors.
4. Further information regarding revenue sharing, conflicts, the fund fees and expenses borne by investors, and how sales representatives are compensated is available online or by calling a sales representative.
5. Investment advisory clients receive materials and status updates on the funds, including instructions on selling fund shares.

Summary from our docs and GPT::::::::::::::
Additional or Generic Disclosures: The revenue sharing, expense payments, and administrative service fees described above present a conflict of interest for Morgan Stanley and our Fina
ncial Advisors. This means that our Financial Advisors may have an incentive to focus on fund families with the largest client fund share holdings at our firm when recommending mutual 
fund investments. However, to mitigate this conflict, Financial Advisors and their Branch Managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these payments received by Morgan Stanley.

Important Remuneration Note: When investing in mutual funds, investors may incur sales charges and/or contingent sales charges. In addition to these charges, funds are also subject to 
annual distribution, investment management, and/or shareholder service fees and expenses as disclosed in the fund prospectus fee table. These fees, also known as 12b-1 fees, typically 
range from 0.25% (class A shares) up to 1.0% (class C shares) of the average net asset value of the fund. It's important to note that a portion of these 12b-1 fees are generally paid to our Financial Advisors.

Further Information: For more detailed information regarding revenue sharing, conflicts, the fund fees and expenses borne by you, and how your sales representative is compensated, you 
can visit the following links: http://www.morganstanley.com/assets/pdfs/wealth-management-disclosures/mf_share_classes.pdf and http://www.morganstanley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/reve
nue_sharing.pdf. Alternatively, you can reach out to your sales representative for further clarification. Please note that if you have invested in any of these funds in a different typ
e of account, such as a brokerage account, you may not receive the same materials and status updates on the funds as we provide to investment advisory clients, including instructions on selling fund shares.

-----------------------------------------------------------------

Give some sample disclosures in paragraphs format, related to an investment product known as 'Fixed Income'?

Summary from just your docs:::::::::::::: 
• Venezuela Investment Risk: On August 25, 2017, the President signed an executive order imposing sanctions on the Venezuelan government that ban U.S. Persons, including U.S. Regulated
 Financial Institutions, from transacting in most outstanding debt securities and most new debt and equity securities, issued by the Republic of Venezuela and entities owned or control
led by it. The U.S. Treasury department subsequently authorized transactions in specified outstanding debt securities to continue. However, there can be no assurance that transactions 
in these securities will continue to be permissible. In addition, certain bonds are in default, Trading in restructured or new debt will be impermissible unless specifically authorized by the U.S. Treasury department. As a result, these securities may be subject to greater volatility and liquidity risk.
• Mark-up / Mark-down: Fixed income securities (bonds) are traded over the counter (OTC) and not through an exchange like equity securities. The firm's mark-up or mark-down on your tra
nsaction is measured from the prevailing market price for the fixed income security. The prevailing market price is determined by application of a series of factors prescribed by industry regulators (FINRA and MSRB) and may not be the same as the firm's cost of

Summary from our docs and GPT::::::::::::::
1. Venezuela Investment Risk: On August 25, 2017, the President signed an executive order imposing sanctions on the Venezuelan government that ban U.S. Persons, including U.S. Regulate
d Financial Institutions, from transacting in most outstanding debt securities and most new debt and equity securities, issued by the Republic of Venezuela and entities owned or contro
lled by it. The U.S. Treasury department subsequently authorized transactions in specified outstanding debt securities to continue. However, there can be no assurance that transactions
 in these securities will continue to be permissible. In addition, certain bonds are in default, Trading in restructured or new debt will be impermissible unless specifically authorized by the U.S. Treasury department. As a result, these securities may be subject to heightened investment risk.

2. Mark-up / Mark-down: Fixed income securities (bonds) are traded over the counter (OTC) and not through an exchange like equity securities. The firm's mark-up or mark-down on your tr
ansaction is measured from the prevailing market price for the fixed income security. The prevailing market price is determined by application of a series of factors prescribed by indu
stry regulators (FINRA and MSRB) and may not be the same as the firm's cost of sourcing, or its proceeds from selling, the security. As such, industry participants may come to differen
t determinations concerning the prevailing market price of any given fixed income security at any point in time. In addition, the mark-up or mark-down is not necessarily the same as th
e firm's profit or loss on the transaction, which may be impacted by a number of other factors, such as out-of-pocket costs, namely regulatory fees and hedging costs, and intervening market movements, among other factors, that do not impact the prevailing market price.

Please note that these disclosures are for illustrative purposes only and may not necessarily reflect the actual disclosures provided in trade confirmations or trade confirmation docum
ents for fixed income investments. It is important to review the specific disclosures provided by your financial institution or investment advisor for accurate and up-to-date information.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Give some sample disclosures in paragraphs format, related to an investment product known as 'Foreign Exchange'?

Summary from just your docs:::::::::::::: 
In some instances, settlement of Foreign Exchange (FX) trades may be delayed due to foreign bank holidays. The quantity of the trade above equals the foreign currency equivalent of the
 principal. A tax or fee may be imposed by a foreign jurisdiction and is included in the price. A foreign securities clearing fee (FSCF) may also be included in the price. Please conta
ct us for the foreign exchange rate applied to this transaction. We and our affiliates may profit from the bid/offer spread reflected in the spot rate(s) used to effect any related currency conversion(s). Payments, including cash dividends, in local currency generally must be converted to USD for most accounts. Feel free to contact us for more information.

Summary from our docs and GPT::::::::::::::
Please note that settlement of foreign exchange transactions may be delayed due to foreign bank holidays. The quantity specified above represents the foreign currency equivalent of the
 principal amount. Additionally, there may be taxes or fees imposed by foreign jurisdictions, which are included in the price. Please be aware that a foreign securities clearing fee may also be applicable. Please consult your financial advisor for more information on these fees.

When conducting foreign exchange transactions, please be aware that the bid/offer spread reflected in the spot rate(s) used may result in profits for us and our affiliates. It is impor
tant to note that payments, including cash dividends, in local currency will generally need to be converted to USD for most accounts. For the applicable foreign exchange rate for your transaction, please feel free to contact us for assistance.

If you are investing in local currency bonds, it is important to understand that the total return in USD terms will be influenced by the performance of the local currency against the U
SD during the holding period. Please consult your financial advisor for the specific foreign exchange rate applied to your transaction. Payments of interest and principal in local currency will typically need to be converted to USD for most accounts. For more detailed information on this process, please ask your financial advisor for further clarification.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Give some sample disclosures in paragraphs format, related to an investment product known as 'ETF'?

Summary from just your docs:::::::::::::: 
• ETF investors are exposed to the risk that the market price of ETF shares will not be equivalent to the daily net asset value of the ETF's shares. ETFs may trade at a discount or premium to NAV. Purchasing an ETF at a premium to NAV and/or selling an ETF at a discount to NAV could significantly affect the realized return earned by an investor.
• Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not receive additional compensation because of the revenue sharing and data analytics payments received by Morgan Stanley.
• Morgan Stanley provides all ETF sponsors with the opportunity to purchase data analytics regarding ETF sales. For ETF sponsors electing to purchase such data, the fee depends on the level of data and ranges up to $600,000 per year.
• For further information about the fund, please refer to the fund's prospectus.

Summary from our docs and GPT::::::::::::::
1. Please be aware that investing in ETFs carries certain risks. One of these risks is that the market price of ETF shares may not be equivalent to the daily net asset value of the ETF
's shares. This means that ETFs may trade at a discount or premium to their NAV. It is important to note that purchasing an ETF at a premium to NAV or selling an ETF at a discount to N
AV could significantly impact your realized return as an investor. This realized return may differ substantially from the return of the ETF and the index it aims to track. It is possible for premiums/discounts to NAV to occur at any time, and significant premiums/discounts have occurred in the past and may occur in the future.

2. As a firm, we have a conflict of interest when it comes to ETFs. Our focus is primarily on ETFs whose sponsors provide significant sales expense support and/or purchase data analyti
cs. This means that we may prioritize these ETFs over those from sponsors that do not provide such support. However, it is important to note that our Financial Advisors and branch mana
gers do not receive additional compensation based on the revenue sharing and data analytics payments received by Morgan Stanley. If you would like more information about a specific ETF
, please refer to the ETF's prospectus and statement of additional information. You can also find further details about revenue sharing, expense payments, and data analytics fees on our website or by contacting us directly.

3. In addition, we would like to disclose that Morgan Stanley offers all ETF sponsors the opportunity to purchase data analytics regarding ETF sales. The fee for accessing this data de
pends on the level of data and can range up to $600,000 per year for ETF sponsors. We believe that providing this data can enhance our understanding of ETFs and ultimately benefit our clients. If you have any questions or would like more information about this service, please feel free to reach out to us.

4. Lastly, please note that for UCITS exchange-traded funds, it is recommended to refer to the fund's prospectus for further information. The prospectus contains important details about the fund's objectives, risks, and fees. It is essential to review this document before making any investment decisions related to UCITS ETFs.

Please keep in mind that these disclosures are only examples and may not cover all the relevant information for every specific ETF. It is crucial to thoroughly review the prospectus and seek professional advice before investing in any ETF.
