-- BELOW ARE ALL THE DISCLOSURE OR DISCLAIMERS THAT CAN BE USED OR PRINTED IN THE TRADE CONFIRMS OR TRADE CONFIRMATION DOCUMENT FOR THE INVESTMENT PRODUCT KNOWN AS "MUTUAL FUND":
Additional or Generic Disclosures:

The revenue sharing, expense payments and administrative service fees described above present a conflict of
interest for Morgan Stanley and our Financial Advisors. Although we seek to charge uniform rates for revenue-
sharing and administrative service fees, in aggregate we receive significantly more from the fund families with
the largest client fund share holdings at our firm. This in turn could lead our Financial Advisors to focus on those
fund families when recommending mutual fund investments to clients. To mitigate this conflict, Financial Advi-
sors and their Branch Managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these payments received
by Morgan Stanley.

Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC has entered into an arrangement whereby MBSC securities Corp. (A subsidiary of the
dreyfus corporation) pays to Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC from its own assets an amount equal to up to .12% (12
Basis points) of the average daily balance of the shares of certain institutional money market funds maintained
in the accounts of Morgan Stanley customers. A portion of this payment is paid to Financial Advisors based
upon the Financial Advisors’ payout rates. The payment is also credited to the gross production of branches and
therefore positively affects Branch Managers’ incentive compensation. For more information, please go to our
website at http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/mutualfunds.asp.

Our Global Investment Manager Analysis team conducts analysis on various mutual funds for clients holding
those funds in certain investment advisory programs. If you have invested in another type of account, such as a
brokerage account, you will not receive the same materials and status updates on the funds as we provide to
investment advisory clients (including instructions on selling fund shares)

Morgan Stanley receives payments from the funds for recordkeeping and administrative services of up to $20
per fund per account per year for load funds and 0.25% (25 Basis points) per year of the value of the assets held
in no-load funds. Morgan Stanley receives revenue sharing payments from the funds of up to 0.03% (3 Basis
points) per year of the value of fund shares which you hold in your account. Your Financial Advisor does not re-
ceive any of these additional payments. For more information about amounts payable to Morgan Stanley from
mutual fund companies, please go to our website at http://www.morganstanleyindividual.com.

Morgan Stanley receives payments from the funds for recordkeeping and administrative services up to 0.10%
(10 Basis points) per year of the value of assets held in load funds and 0.25% (25 Basis points) per year of the
value of the assets held in no-load funds. For more information about amounts payable to Morgan Stanley from
mutual fund companies, please go to our website at http://www.morganstanleyindividual.com.

The investment advisor of the mutual fund you purchased will pay Morgan Stanley an upfront marketing and
structuring fee of 1.25% Of the aggregate issue price of the common shares that IT sells. Your Financial Advisor
does not receive any of this fee but will receive a portion of the 4.5% Sale load that the mutual fund pays to
Morgan Stanley. Please see the prospectus for additional details concerning these payments and other im-
portant information concerning your investment in this fund.

Mutual Fund Fees and Payments:

In addition to the above charges, we also receive a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, from each fund family
wwe offer. Revenue-sharing payments are generally paid out of the fund's investment adviser, distributor or other fund affiliate's revenues or
profits and not from the fund's assets. We charge fund families revenue-sharing fees on client account holdings in fund families according
to a tiered rate which increases along with the management fee of the fund so that lower management fee funds pay lower rates than
those with higher management fees. The rate ranges from 0.01% per year ($1 per $10,000 of assets) up to a maximum of 0.10% per year
($10 per $10,000 of assets).

Fund families are typically provided with opportunities to sponsor meetings and conferences and are granted
access to branch offices and Financial Advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts. Fund
families or their affiliates make payments to Morgan Stanley in connection with these promotional efforts to
reimburse us for expenses incurred for various sales meetings, client seminars and conferences. Although fund
families independently decide if and what they will spend on these activities, some fund families agree to make
annual dollar amount expense reimbursement commitments of up to $600,000, although actual reimburse-
ments may be higher. In addition, some fund families provide support of up to $125,000 per year for the devel-
opment and maintenance of our internal Financial Advisor training and education e-learning platform. Fund
families may also invite our Financial Advisors to attend fund family sponsored events. Morgan Stanley also pro-
vides fund families with the opportunity to purchase sales data analytics. The amount of the fees depends on
the level of data and ranges up to $600,000 per year. For an additional fee, fund families may purchase supple-
mental data analytics on other financial product sales at Morgan Stanley.

The revenue sharing, expense payments, data analytics fees and administrative service fees described above
present a conflict of interest for Morgan Stanley and our Financial Advisors. Although we seek to charge uni-
form rate schedules for revenue-sharing and administrative service fees, in aggregate we receive significantly
more from the fund families with the largest client fund share holdings at our firm. This in turn could lead our
Financial Advisors to focus on those fund families as well as on fund families that provide significant sales ex-
pense support, instead of fund families that do not purchase data analytics or do not commit similar resources
to sales and training activities. In addition, since our revenue sharing rates are higher for funds with higher
management fees, this fact presents a conflict of interest for us to promote and recommend funds that have
higher management fees. To mitigate these conflicts, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not re-
ceive additional compensation as a result of these payments received by Morgan Stanley.

Important remuneration note: The fees, expenses and payments described below are specific to mutual fund investments. in addition to
the sales charges and/or contingent sales charges that investors purchasing mutual fund shares may incur, funds are subject to annual dis-
tribution, investment management and/or shareholder service fees and expenses disclosed in the fund prospectus fee table. Annual distri-
bution and service fees (referred to as 12b-1 fees) typically range from 0.25% (class A shares) up to 1.0% (class C shares) of the average net
asset value of the fund. all or a portion of these 12b-1 fees are generally paid to our Financial Advisors.

We charge each fund family we offer a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, on client account holdings in funds
according to a tiered rate which increases along with the management fee of the fund so that lower management fee funds are assessed at
lower rates than those with higher management fees. The rate ranges from 0.01% per year ($1 per $10,000 of assets) up to a maximum of
0.10% per year ($10 per $10,000 of assets). We also receive compensation from funds or their affiliated service providers of 0.06% per year
($6 per $10,000) on fund assets held by our clients for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and related services to the funds.
Moreover, we or our affiliates receive from certain funds compensation in the form of commissions and other fees for providing traditional
brokerage services, including related research and advisory support, and for purchases and sales of securities for fund portfolios.

Fund families are typically provided with opportunities to sponsor meetings and conferences and are granted access to branch offices and
Financial Advisors for educational, marketing, and other promotional efforts. Fund families make payments to us in connection with these
promotional efforts to reimburse us for expenses incurred for various sales meetings, client seminars and conferences. We also provide
fund families with the opportunity to purchase sales data analytics. The amount of the fees depends on the level of data purchased.

The revenue sharing, expense payments, data analytics fees and administrative service fees described above present a conflict of interest
for us and our Financial Advisors, Although we seek to charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-sharing and administrative service fees, in
aggregate we receive significantly more from the fund families with the largest client fund share holdings at our firm. This in turn could lead
our Financial Advisors to focus on those fund families as well as on fund families that provide significant sales expense support and/or pur-
chase data analytics, instead of fund families that do not. In addition, since our revenue sharing rates are higher for funds with higher man-
agement fees, this fact presents a conflict of interest for us to promote and recommend funds that have higher management fees. To

mitigate these conflicts, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these pay-
ments received by Morgan Stanley.

For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. Further information regarding revenue sharing, expense payments, data analytics fees, conflicts, and how your
sales representative is compensated is available in the brochure titled Mutual Fund Features, Share Classes and Compensation and an addi-
tional brochure titled Mutual Fund Revenue Sharing Fund Arrangements, both of which can be found at https://www.morganstan-
ley.com/disclosures or by contacting us.

Mutual Fund Fees and Payments

The revenue sharing, administrative service fees, expense payments and data analytics fees described above present a conflict of interest
for us. Although we seek to charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-sharing and administrative service fees, not all fund complexes pay
these fees and, in aggregate, we receive significantly more from the fund families with the largest client fund share holdings at our firm.
This in turn could lead us to focus on those fund families as well as on fund families that provide significant sales expense support and/or
purchase data analytics, instead of fund families that do not. In addition, since our revenue-sharing rates are higher for funds with higher
management fees, this fact presents a conflict of interest for us to offer and promote funds that have higher management fees.

For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. Further information regarding revenue sharing, administrative service fees, expense payments, data analytics
fees, and conflicts is available in the disclosure library section of our website.

Fund families are typically provided with opportunities to sponsor meetings and conferences and are granted access to branch offices for
educational, marketing and other promotional efforts. Fund families or their affiliates make payments to Morgan Stanley in connection
with these promotional efforts to reimburse us for expenses incurred for various sales meetings, client seminars and conferences. Although
fund families independently decide if and what they will spend on these activities, some fund families agree to make annual dollar amount
expense reimbursement commitments of up to $550,000. Morgan Stanley also provides fund families with the opportunity to purchase
supplemental sales data analytics. The amount of fees depends on the level of data and the number of products covered. The current range
is $100,000 per year for the most basic mutual fund sales data package up to $750,000 per year for the most comprehensive mutual fund
sales data package. In addition, fund families may provide support of up to $100,000 for the development and maintenance of our internal
training and education e-learning platform.

Morgan Stanley also receives compensation from funds or their affiliated service providers of 0.06% per year ($6 per $10,000) on fund as-
sets held by our clients for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and related services to the funds. Moreover we or our affiliates
receive from certain funds compensation in the form of commissions and other fees for providing traditional brokerage services, including
related research and advisory support, and for purchases and sales of securities for fund portfolios. The revenue sharing, expense pay-
ments, data analytics fees and administrative service fees described above present a conflict of interest for Morgan Stanley. Although we
seek to charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-sharing and administrative service fees, in aggregate we receive significantly more from
the fund families with the largest client fund share holdings at our firm. This in turn could lead us to focus on those fund families as well as
on fund families that provide significant sales expense support, instead of fund families that do not purchase data analytics or do not com-
mit similar resources to sales and training activities. In addition, since our revenue sharing rates are higher for funds with higher manage-
ment fees, this fact presents a conflict of interest for us to offer funds that have higher management fees.

For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. Further information regarding revenue sharing (including a list of revenue-sharing fund families organized by size
of payment}, conflicts, and the fund fees and expenses borne by you, is available /wwow.morganstanley.com/assets/pdfs/wealth-
management-disclosures/mf_share_classes.pdf; and http://www.morganstanley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/revenue_sharing.pdf.

We also receive a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, from each fund family we
offer. Revenue-sharing payments are generally paid out of the fund's investment adviser, distributor or other
fund affiliate's revenues or profits and not from the fund's assets. We charge fund families revenue-sharing fees
on client account holdings in fund families according to a tiered rate which increases along with the manage-
ment fee of the fund so that lower management fee funds pay lower rates than those with higher management
fees. The rate ranges from 0.01% per year ($1 per $10,000 of assets) up to a maximum of 0.10% per year ($10
per $10,000 of assets).

Morgan Stanley also receives compensation from funds or their affiliated service providers of 0.06% per year
(86 per $10,000) on fund assets held by our clients for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and re-
lated services to the funds. Moreover we or our affiliates receive from certain funds compensation in the form
of commissions and other fees for providing traditional brokerage services, including related research and advi-
sory support, and for purchases and sales of securities for fund portfolios. The revenue sharing, expense pay-
ments, data analytics fees and administrative service fees described above present a conflict of interest for
Morgan Stanley and our Financial Advisors. Although we seek to charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-
sharing and administrative service fees, in aggregate we receive significantly more from the fund families with
the largest client fund share holdings at our firm. This in turn could lead our Financial Advisors to focus on those
fund families as well as on fund families that provide significant sales expense support, instead of fund families
that do not purchase data analytics or do not commit similar resources to sales and training activities. In addi-
tion, since our revenue sharing rates are higher for funds with higher management fees, this fact presents a
conflict of interest for us to promote and recommend funds that have higher management fees. To mitigate
these conflicts, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not receive additional compensation as a re-
sult of these payments received by Morgan Stanley

For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the
fund's prospectus and statement of additional information. Further information regarding revenue sharing (in-
cluding a list of revenue-sharing fund families organized by size of payment), conflicts, the fund fees and ex-
penses borne by you, and how your sales representative is compensated is available at: http://www.morgan-
stanley.com/assets/pdfs/wealth-management-disclosures/mf_share_classes.pdf; and http://www.morganstan-
ley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/revenue_sharing.pdf or by calling your sales representative. Our Global In-
vestment Manager Analysis team conducts analysis on various mutual funds and exchange-traded funds for
clients holding those funds in certain investment advisory programs. If you have invested in any of these funds
in another type of account, such as a brokerage account, you will not receive the same materials and status up-
dates on the funds as we provide to investment advisory clients (including instructions on selling fund shares).

The fees, expenses and payments described below are specific to mutual fund
investments. In addition to the sales charges and/or contingent sales Charges that investors purchasing mutual
fund shares may incur, funds are subject to annual distribution, investment management and/or shareholder
service fees and expenses disclosed in the fund prospectus fee table. Annual distribution and service fees (re-
ferred to as 12b-1 fees) typically range from 0.25% (class A shares) up to 1.0% (class C shares) of the average
net asset value of the fund. All or a portion of these annual fees may be paid to our Financial Advisors.

We also receive a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, from each fund family we
offer. Revenue-sharing payments are generally paid out of the fund's investment adviser, distributor or other
fund affiliate's revenues or profits and not from the fund's assets. We charge fund families revenue-sharing fees

on client account holdings in fund families according to a tiered rate which increases along with the management fee of the fund so that lower 
management fee funds pay lower rates than those with higher management
fees. The rate ranges from 0.01% per year ($1 per $10,000 of assets) up to a maximum of 0.10% per year ($10
per $10,000 of assets).

Morgan Stanley also receives compensation from funds or their affiliated service providers of 0.06% per year
(86 per $10,000) on fund assets held by our clients for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and re-
lated services to the funds. Moreover, we or our affiliates receive from certain funds compensation in the form
of commissions and other fees for providing traditional brokerage services, including related research and advi-
sory support, and for purchases and sales of securities for fund portfolios. The revenue sharing, expense pay-
ments, data analytics fees and administrative service fees described above present a conflict of interest for

Morgan Stanley and our Financial Advisors. Although we seek to charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-
sharing and administrative service fees, in aggregate we receive significantly more from the fund families with
the largest client fund share holdings at our Firm. This in turn could lead our Financial Advisors to focus on
those fund families as well as on fund families that provide significant sales expense support, instead of fund
families that do not purchase data analytics or do not commit similar resources to sales and training activities.
In addition, since our revenue sharing rates are higher for funds with higher management fees, this fact pre-
sents a conflict of interest for us to promote and recommend funds that have higher management fees. To miti-
gate these conflicts, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not receive additional compensation be-
cause of these payments received by Morgan Stanley. For additional information on a particular fund's payment
and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement of additional information.
Further Information regarding revenue sharing (including a list of revenue-sharing fund families organized by
size of payment), conflicts, the fund fees and expenses borne by you, and how your sales representative is compensated is 
available at: http://www.morganstanley.com/assets/pdfs/wealth-management-disclosures/mf_share_classes.pdf; and 
http://www.morganstanley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/revenue_shar-ing.pdf or by calling your sales representative.
Our Global Investment Manager Analysis team conducts analysis
on various mutual funds and exchange-traded funds for clients holding those funds in certain investment advi-
sory programs. If you have invested in any of these funds in another type of account, such as a brokerage ac-
count, you will not receive the same materials and status updates on the funds as we provide to investment 
advisory clients (including instructions on selling fund shares).

Adv Mutual Fund Fees and Pymts: 
Morgan Stanley also provides fund families with the opportunity to purchase sales data analytics. The amount
of the fees depends on the level of data and ranges up to $600,000 per year. For an additional fee, fund families
may purchase supplemental data analytics on other financial product sales at Morgan Stanley.

We offer clients a large selection of no-load or load waived mutual funds (i.e., funds without initial sales charges or funds that waive any
such charges) through our various Advisory account programs. Although no sales charges are imposed on fund purchases, applicable pro-
gram account fees are assessed on the value of those funds as set forth in The respective program agreement and disclosure documents.

‘The above-described fees and expense payments are specific to mutual fund investments. Similar fees and expense payments are not as-
sessed or received on other investments that may be available in our advisory programs. These facts present a conflict of interest for Mor-
gan Stanley and our financial advisors to promote and recommend mutual fund investments in advisory program accounts rather than
other eligible investments that do not make similar payments. In addition, although we seek to charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-
sharing and administrative service fees, in aggregate we receive significantly more from the fund families with the largest client fund share
holdings at our firm. This in turn could lead our financial advisors to focus on those fund families as well as on fund families that provide
significant sales expense support instead of fund families that do not purchase data analytics or do not commit similar resources to sales
and training activities. Finally, since our revenue sharing rates are higher for funds with higher management fees, this fact presents a con-
flict of interest for us to promote and recommend funds that have higher management fees. In order to mitigate these conflicts, financial
advisors and their branch office managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these fees received by Morgan Stanley.
Moreover, for advisory account clients the revenue-sharing and administrative service fees are rebated which we generally expect to offset
an advisory account platform fee, where applicable. We also receive investment management fees and related administrative fees from
affiliated mutual funds where the mutual funds' investment advisor is an affiliate of ours. Therefore, we have a conflict of interest to rec-
ommend these funds.

Fund Analysis:
Our Global Investment Manager Analysis team conducts analysis on various mutual funds and exchange-traded
funds for clients holding those funds in certain investment advisory programs. If you have invested in any of
Morgan Stanley also provides fund families with the opportunity to purchase sales data analytics. The amount
of the fees depends on the level of data and ranges up to $600,000 per year. For an additional fee, fund families
may purchase supplemental data analytics on other financial product sales at Morgan Stanley.

Our Global Investment Manager Analysis team conducts analysis on various mutual funds and exchange-traded
funds for clients holding those funds in certain investment advisory programs. If you have invested in any of

these funds in another type of account, such as a brokerage account, you will not receive the same materials
and status updates on the funds as we provide to investment advisory clients (including instructions on selling
fund shares).

Forward Priced Mutual Fund

The price and share totals shown above reflect the price received for the trade date. Due to market operating
hour differences, the trade date may be after the date your order was placed with us for certain funds. Contact
us for additional information. We are providing information to all offshore investors, to advise that there is a
key investor information document (KIID) available for each fund offered by offshore (non-us domiciled) invest-
ment companies regulated as undertaking for collective investments in transferable securities (UCITs).
The KIID contains essential information and key facts about a UCITS fund aimed at helping investors make in-
formed investment decisions about whether the fund meets their needs. Please read the KIID carefully before
you invest. You can access a repository of KID documents at the following location www.morganstan-
ley.com/offshoremutualfunds/kiidrepository
For UCITS mutual funds and the following web location https://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/etfkiidrepository
For UCITS exchange-traded funds. For further information about the fund, please refer to the fund's prospectus.


KID for UCITS MFs and ETFs

A Key Investor Information Document (KID) and/or a Key Information Document (KID) is made available for
each fund offered by an investment company that is established in an EEA state as an Undertaking for Collective
Investments in Transferable Securities in accordance with Directive 2009/65/EC (UCITS). The KIID and/or KID
contains essential information and key facts about the UCITS fund aimed at helping investors make informed
investment decisions about whether the particular fund meets their needs. We have provided access to the KID
and/or KIID via a website, portal or other durable medium (other than paper) for all investors who have made
transactions in UCITS mutual funds and UCITS exchange-traded funds. Investors may request a paper copy of
the KID and/or KIID free of charge. Any KID and/or KIID provided to investors by means of a website/portal, in-
cluding any updates, is available at https://www.morganstanley.com/disclaimers/KID-KlIDrepository for UCITS
mutual funds and UCITS exchange-traded funds.

For EEA Investors effective January 1, 2023: You agree to review the KID, including any updates, in good time
before being bound by any contract or offer relating to any UCITS mutual fund transactions or UCITS exchange-
traded funds, on a trade by trade basis.

For all other Investors: You agree to review the KIID and/or KID, including any updates, in good time before be-
ing bound by any contract or offer relating to any UCITS mutual fund transactions or UCITS exchange-traded
funds, on a trade by trade basis.

Additional Document


We receive compensation from funds or their affiliated service providers for shareholder servicing, recordkeep-
ing, networking, administrative and other associated service fees. The fees for these services are generally
0.16% ($16 Per $10,000) of fund assets per year for non-retirement advisory accounts but are 0.35% ($35 Per
$10,000) of fund assets per year for trak fund solution retirement client accounts and 0.28% ($28 Per $10,000)


Additional Document


We receive compensation from funds or their affiliated service providers for shareholder servicing, recordkeeping, networking, administra-
tive and other associated service fees. The fees for these services are generally 0.12% ($12 Per $10,000) of fund assets per year for non-
retirement advisory accounts but are 0.35% ($35 Per $10,000) of fund assets per year for trak fund solution retirement client accounts and
0.28% ($28 Per $10,000) of fund assets per year plus up to $21 per fund position per year for TRAK Fund Solution non-retirement client
accounts. We also receive investment management fees and related administrative fees from affiliated mutual funds where the mutual
funds' investment advisor is an affiliate of ours. Therefore, we have a conflict of interest to recommend these funds.

Additional Document


We receive compensation from funds or their affiliated service providers for shareholder servicing, recordkeeping, networking, administra-
tive and other associated service fees. The fees for these services are generally 0.12% ($12 Per $10,000) of fund assets per year for non-
retirement advisory accounts but range up to 0.28% ($28 Per $10,000) of fund assets per year for TRAL Fund Solution client accounts. We
also receive investment management fees and related administrative fees from affiliated mutual funds where the mutual funds' investment
advisor is an affiliate of ours. Therefore, we have a conflict of interest to recommend these funds.


Additional Document


Fund families have access to branch offices and financial advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts unless they do
not agree to make the support fee payments described above. While all revenue-sharing fund families are provided with such access, cer-
tain fund families (referred to as Global Partners) dedicate significant staffing and financial resources to these activities and therefore may
receive supplemental sales data information and additional opportunities to sponsor firm events and promote their funds to Financial Advi
sors and clients. This could, in turn, lead Financial Advisors to focus on those funds offered by our Global Partners when recommending
mutual fund investments to clients instead of on funds from those fund families that do not commit similar resources to educational, mar-
keting and other promotional efforts. Our Global Partners are denoted by an asterisk on the revenue-sharing fund families list available on
our website,

Additional Document


For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase and hold mutual fund
shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your advisory program client agreement and adv brochure or call a member of your Morgan
Stanley team. More information about revenue sharing practices for mutual fund purchases is available at http://www.morganstan-
ley.com/assets/pdfs/wealth-management-disclosures/mf_share_classes.pdf; and http://www.morganstanley.com/wealth/disclo-
sures/pdfs/revenue_sharing.pdf.

Additional Document


MSSB receives compensation from funds or their affiliated service providers for shareholder servicing, recordkeeping, networking, adminis-
trative and other associated services fees. The fees for these services are generally 0.12% ($12 Per $10,000) of fund assets per year for non-
retirement advisory accounts but are 0.35% ($35 Per $10,000) of fund assets per year for TRAK Fund Solution retirement client accounts
and 0.28% ($28 Per $10,000) of fund assets per year plus up to $21 per fund position per year forTRAK Fund Solution non-retirement client
accounts. MSSB also receives investment management fees and related administrative fees from affiliated mutual funds where the mutual
funds' investment advisor is a MSSB affiliate, Therefore, MSSB has @ conflict of interest to recommend these funds.

Additional Document


MSSB receives compensation from funds or their affiliated service providers for shareholder servicing, recordkeeping, networking, adminis-
trative and other associated services fees. The fees for these services are generally 0.12% ($12 Per $10,000) of fund assets per year for non-
retirement advisory accounts but range up to 0. 28% ($28 Per $10,000) of fund assets per year for TRAK Fund Solution client accounts.
SSB also receives investment management fees and related administrative fees from affiliated mutual funds where the mutual funds’
investment advisor is a MSSB affiliate. Therefore, MSSB has a conflict of interest to recommend these funds.

Money Mkt Revenue Sharing


For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase and hold mutual fund
shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your advisory program client agreement and ADV brochure or contact us. More information
about revenue sharing practices for mutual fund purchases is available at http://www.morganstanley.com/assets/pdfs/wealth-manage-
ment-disclosures/mf_share_classes.pdf and http://www.morganstanley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/revenue_sharing.pdf. Our Global
Investment Manager Analysis team conducts analysis on various mutual funds and exchange-traded funds for clients holding those funds in
certain investment advisory programs, If you have invested in any of these funds in another type of account, such as a brokerage account,
‘ou will not receive the same materials and status updates on the funds as we provide to investment advisory clients (including instructions
on selling fund shares).

Additional Document


Fund families have access to branch offices and Financial Advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts. Certain fund
families (referred to as Global Partners) dedicate significant staffing and financial resources to these activities and therefore may receive
additional opportunities to sponsor firm events and promote their funds to financial advisors and clients. This could, in turn, lead Financial
‘Advisors to focus on those funds offered by our Global Partners when recommending mutual fund investments to clients instead of on
funds from those fund families that do not commit similar resources to educational, marketing and other promotional efforts. Our Global
Partners are denoted by an asterisk on the revenue-sharing fund families list available on our website.


Additional Document


SSB also receives investment management fees and related administrative fees from affiliated mutual funds where the mutual funds’

investment advisor is a MSSB affiliate. Therefore, MSSB has a conflict of interest to recommend these funds.

Additional Document


Important remuneration note Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (IMSSB) offers clients a large selection of no-load or load waived mutual funds
(.e., Funds without initial sales charges or funds that waive any such charges) through our various advisory account programs. Although no
sales charges are imposed on fund purchases, applicable program account fees are assessed on the value of those funds as set forth in the
respective program agreement and disclosure documents, Each mutual fund also deducts certain ongoing fees from its assets to pay firms
that provide various services to the fund, such as the fund's investment adviser, transfer agent, custodian and administrator, Shareholder
servicing fees, management fees and other ongoing internal expenses associated with mutual fund are described in the mutual fund's pro-
spectus fee table. These fees will vary from fund to fund and for different share classes of the same fund,

Additional Document


‘We and/or our affiliates have entered into an arrangement whereby MBSC securities Corp.(A subsidiary of the dreyfus corporation) pays to
us and/or our affiliates from its own assets an amount equal to up to .35% (35 Basis points) of the average daily balance of the shares of
certain money market funds maintained in the accounts of our clients. A portion of this payment is paid to Financial Advisors based upon
the Financial Advisors! payout rates. The payment is also credited to the gross production of branches and therefore positively affects
Branch managers’ incentive compensation. For more information, please go to our website at http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/
investmentsolutions/mutualfunds.asp.

Additional Document


‘We and/or our affiliates have entered into a revenue sharing arrangement with the investment manager of the fund and receive 0.03% (3
Basis points) per year based on current fund assets. Such payments are not paid out of assets of the funds and do not affect the share price.
Your Financial Advisor receives @ portion of this payment. For more information, please go to our website at http://www2.Morganstan-
ley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/mutualfunds.asp and http://vww2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/revenue_shar-
ing.pdf.

Additional Document

We and/or our affiliates have entered into a revenue-sharing arrangement with the investment manager of the fund and receive 0.03% (3
Basis points) per year based on current fund assets. Such payments are not paid out of assets of the funds and do not affect the share price.
Your Financial Advisor does not receive any portion of this payment. We and/or our affiliates receive payments for providing distribution
services equal to 0.25% (25 Bps) pursuant to the fund's 12b-1 plan and an additional 0.05% (5 Bps) for administrative services. Your Finan-
cial Advisor receives 0.10% (10 Basis points) of amounts received by us and/or our affiliates paid according to the applicable payout rate.
For more information, please go to our website at htt
http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/revenue_sharing.pdf.

;www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/mutualfunds.asp and

Additional Document


We and/or our affiliates receive payments for recordkeeping, administrative and shareholder services of up to 0.25% (25 Basis points) per
year of the value of assets held by our clients. Your Financial Advisor does not receive any of these additional payments, and not all fund
families pay the same amount or according to the same formula. For specific information regarding the funds which make these payments,
please go to our website at http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/ mutualfunds.asp. This confirm may not include
transaction amounts or balances concerning the money market fund to which excess cash is swept from this account.

Additional Document


We and/or our affiliates receive payments for recordkeeping, administrative and shareholder services of up to 0.28% (28 Basis points) per
year of the value of assets held by our clients. Your Financial Advisor does not receive any of these additional payments, and not all fund
families pay the same amount or according to the same formula. For specific information regarding the funds which make these payments,
please go to our website at http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/ mutualfunds.asp. This confirm may not include
transaction amounts or balances concerning the money market fund to which excess cash is swept from this account.

TRAK Management and Other Fees


Fees and expenses: we offer clients a selection of proprietary no-load mutual funds (i.e., Funds without initial sales charges) through the
TRAK CGCM program. Although no sales charges are imposed on fund purchases in the TRAK CGCM program, the TRAK CGCM program
account fees are assessed on the value of those funds as set forth in the TRAK CGCM program agreement. Each mutual fund also deducts
certain ongoing fees from its assets to pay firms that provide various services to the fund, such as the fund's investment adviser, transfer
agent, custodian and administrator. Shareholder servicing fees, management fees and other ongoing internal expenses associated with
mutual funds are described in the mutual fund's prospectus fee table. These fees will vary from fund to fund and for different share classes
of the same fund. We retain management fees up to 0.20% per year ($20 per $10,000) of fund assets held in TRAK CGCM client accounts.

Funds in Advisory Accounts

Our Global Invest ment Manager Analysis team conducts analysis on various mutual funds and exchange-traded funds for clients holding
those funds in certain investment advisory programs. If you have invested in any of these funds in another type of account, such as a bro-
kerage or self-directed brokerage account, you will not receive the same materials and status updates on the funds as we provide to invest-
ment advisory clients (including instructions on selling fund shares). Additional fund-imposed fees may apply. Please consult the prospectus
for information about any other fees which a fund might charge.

Self-Directed Mutual Fund Fees

It is important to understand the fund's fees and our compensation so that you can determine the most economical purchase option for
you over your anticipated holding period. Generally, investors that anticipate holding their fund investments over the long term may find
no-load transaction fee funds more economical than load-waived funds due to the assessment of annual 128-1 fees applicable to the latter.
This effect is more pronounced at higher investment levels. On the other hand investors who anticipate making more frequent purchases
and sales, particularly at lower investment levels, may find load-waived funds more economical since they are not subject to transaction
fees, Please keep in mind that with respect to a given mutual fund, we only offer one option (i.e., no-load or load waived). Ifa fund offers
both a load waived and no-load share class option, we will typically select and offer only the load-waived option. Our preference for the
load-waived fund offering represents a conflict of interest for Morgan Stanley since, depending on your trading activity and investment size,
we may earn more from load-waived funds than no-load funds.

Notice regarding potential Puerto Rico risk exposure As you may be aware, securities issued by the commonwealth of Puerto Rico has filed,
and certain affiliates have filed or may in the future file, for bankruptcy under Title il of the Puerto Rico oversight, management, and eco-
nomic stability act. As a result, certain bonds are in default and may experience limited or no liquidity. There can be no assurance that prin-
cipal or interest will be paid. Securities issued by the commonwealth of Puerto Rico or affiliates of the commonwealth will ikely continue to
be volatile due to bankruptcy or the possibility of bankruptcy, repeated downgrades, relatively high debt loads, defaults of certain securi-
ties, and litigation, among other factors. These factors may further affect the value, liquidity, and credit quality of your Puerto Rico securi-
ties or mutual funds that hold these securities. Particular consideration should be given to situations where overall exposure to Puerto Rico
debt makes up a significant part of one’s investments, even if that exposure is spread across multiple issuers or securities. The use of mar-
gin or other forms of borrowing against accounts that hold Puerto Rico municipal bonds or mutual funds may increase the above-described
risks.


Additional Document


Notice regarding potential Puerto Rico risk exposure as you may be aware, securities issued by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or affili-
ates of the commonwealth have been volatile due to repeated downgrades, relatively high debt loads, and legislative changes. These fac-
tors may further affect the value, liquidity, and credit quality on your Puerto Rico securities or mutual funds that hold these securities. Par-
ticular consideration should be given to situations where overall exposure to puerto rico debt makes up a significant part of one’s invest-
ments, even if that exposure is spread across multiple issuers or securities. The use of margin or other forms of borrowing against accounts
that hold puerto rico municipal bonds or mutual funds may increase the above- described risks.

Additional Document


Notice regarding potential Puerto Rico risk exposure as you may be aware, Standard & Poor's, Moody's and Fitch ratings downgraded to
below investment grade a variety of bonds issued by the commonwealth of puerto rico or affiliates of the Commonwealth. These down-
grades and/or further downgrades, if any, may affect the value and liquidity of your Puerto Rico bonds or mutual funds. investors holding
these securities should continue to consider potential ongoing price volatility and the risk to their principal invest ment. Particular consider-
ation should be given to situations where overall exposure to Puerto Rico debt makes up a significant part of one's investments, even if that
exposure is spread across multiple issuers or securities. The use of margin or other forms of borrowing against accounts that hold Puerto
Rico municipal bonds or utual funds may increase the above-described risks

Additional Document


‘We charge mutual fund families a support fee, also known as revenue sharing, based upon our clients' mutual fund holdings, including
some section 529 plan holdings. The amount that we earn from these fees is substantial. Revenue sharing fees are paid from the assets,
revenues or profits of the fund or plan's investment manager and/or other service providers not from the fund or plan itself. Financial Advi-
sors do not receive any part of these fees. However, since we do not currently collect revenue sharing fees on all 529 plans available at the
firm, this fact could lead Financial Advisors to focus on the 529 plans that do provide such support when recommending a college savings
plan investment to clients. 529 Plan managers have access to our branch offices and Financial Advisors for educational, marketing and other
promotional efforts. Although all 529 plan managers are provided with such access, some managers and their affiliates devote more staff
and resources to these activities and therefore may have enhanced opportunities to promote their 529 plans to our Financial Advisors.
Some college savings plans benefit from certain administrative synergies with us. These synergies could also lead Financial Advisors to focus
on those programs when recommending 529 plan investments.

Self-Directed Mutual Fund Fees


This information is specific to mutual fund sales on our self-directed brokerage platforms. We offer clients a large selection of mutual funds
including share class options where any applicable sales charges are waived (typically Class A shares) and share classes that do not carry
sales charges. Although we impose no sales charges, some available share classes carry ongoing fees to cover marketing, distribution
and/or shareholder servicing costs. These ongoing fees, also known as 12b-1 fees, are calculated on the average net asset value of the
fund. Annual 12b-1 fees for Class A shares, for example, are typically 0.25% ($25 per $10,000 investment). This fee is deducted from fund
assets and paid directly to us. The non-12b-1 fee share classes available on our platform are not subject to 12b-1 fees. Both 12b-1 fee and
non-12b-1 fee share classes are subject to transaction fees for any representative assisted transactions.

Generally, investors will almost always find non-12b-1 fee share classes more economical than 12b-1 fee paying share classes. This effect is
even more pronounced over time and at higher investment levels given that 12b-1 fees are continually applied against an investor's hold-
ings in a fund. Please keep in mind that with respect to a given mutual fund, we may offer both 12b-1 fee share classes and non-12b-1 fee
share classes even though the non-12b-1 fee share classes will almost always have lower annual expenses. The fact that our available fund
offerings include 12b-1 fee paying share classes represents a conflict of interest for us to promote 12b-1 fee paying share classes since we
will earn more from them. Consequently, it is important to understand this distinction between the available share class options so that
you can determine your most economical purchase option. As a general rule, share classes paying higher compensation to us will nega-
tively impact fund performance.

In addition to the 12b-1 fees applicable to 12b-1 funds, we charge most fund families we offer a mutual fund support fee, also called a
revenue-sharing payment, on client account holdings in funds according to a tiered rate which increases along with the management fee of
the fund so that lower management fee funds are assessed at lower rates than those with higher management fees. The rate ranges from
0.01% per year ($1 per $10,000 of assets) up to a maximum of 0.10% per year ($10 per $10,000 of assets).


We also receive compensation from most funds or their affiliated service providers of 0.06% per year ($6 per $10,000) on fund assets held
by our clients for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and related services to the funds. Moreover, we or our affiliates receive
from certain funds compensation in the form of commissions and other fees for providing traditional brokerage services, including related
research and advisory support, and for purchases and sales of securities for fund portfolios.

Additional Document


For additional information on a particular 529 plan's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the plan's program disclosure
documents and/or the fund's prospectus and statement of additional information. Further information regarding mutual fund revenue
sharing is available at: http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/ mutualfunds.asp, http://www2.Morganstan-
ley.com/wealth/disclosures/ pdfs/revenue_sharing,pdf or by contacting us.

Additional Document


Morgan Stanley Smith Barney charges mutual fund families a support fee, also known as revenue sharing, based upon Morgan Stanley
‘Smith Barney clients' mutual fund holdings, including some section 529 plan holdings. The amount that Morgan Stanley Smith Barney earns
from these fees is substantial. Revenue sharing fees are paid from the assets, revenues or profits of the fund or plan's invest ment manager
and/or other service providers not from the fund or plan itself. Financial Advisors do not receive any part of these fees. However, since
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney does not currently collect revenue sharing fees on all 529 plans available at the firm, this fact could lead Fi-
nancial Advisors to focus on the 529 plans that do provide such support when recommending a college savings plan investment to clients.
529 Plan managers have access to our branch offices and Financial Advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts. Alt-
hough all 529 plan managers are provided with such access, some managers and their affiliates devote more staff and resources to these
activities and therefore may have enhanced opportunities to promote their 529 plans to our Financial Advisors. Some college savings plans
benefit from certain administrative synergies with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney. These synergies could also lead Financial Advisors to focus
on those programs when recommending 529 plan investments.

Puerto Rico risk exposure


Notice regarding potential Puerto Rico risk exposure: as you may be aware, securities issued by the commonwealth of Puerto Rico has filed,
and certain affiliates have filed or may in the future file, for bankruptcy under Title II of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Eco-
nomic Stability Act. As a result, certain bonds are in default and may experience limited or no liquidity. There can be no assurance that prin-
cipal or interest will be paid. Securities issued by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or affiliates of the Commonwealth will likely continue
to be volatile due to bankruptcy or the possibility of bankruptcy, repeated downgrades, relatively high debt loads, defaults of certain securi-
ties, and litigation, among other factors. These factors may further affect the value, liquidity, and credit quality of your Puerto Rico securi-
ties or mutual funds that hold these securities. Consideration should be given to situations where overall exposure to Puerto Rico debt
makes up a significant part of one's investments, even if that exposure is spread across multiple issuers or securities. The use of margin or
other forms of borrowing against accounts that hold Puerto Rico municipal bonds or Mutual funds may increase the above-described risks.
Please contact us if you have any questions regarding the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or affiliates of the Commonwealth or any of the

above information. Public filings are available on the municipal securities rulemaking boards, Emma website at http://emma.msrb.org. This
communication is a notification and not a research report prepared by the research department of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC or Morgan
Stanley Smith Barney LLC. In providing This notification, Morgan Stanley is not expressing a view on the likelihood of occurrence of any of
the events or effects described above and is not making a recommendation to investors concerning their Puerto Rico investments.

Revenue Sharing Fees


The revenue sharing fees described above present a conflict of interest for Morgan Stanley. Although we seek to charge uniform rates for
revenue-sharing, since our rates are higher for funds with higher expense ratios, this fact presents an incentive for us to promote and rec-
ommend those funds. To mitigate this conflict, the portion of these fees payable to our Financial Advisors is based upon Morgan Stanley's
standard compensation formulas. Note, for advisory accounts, the fees are rebated to clients. However, Financial Advisors designated as
corporate cash directors receive as compensation the full payment amount of either 0.07% or 0.10% ($7 or $10 per $10,000 of assets). This
tiered payment structure presents a conflict of interest for corporate cash directors to recommend funds that have higher expense ratios.
For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. Further Information regarding our non-money market fund revenue sharing (including a list of revenue-sharing
fund families organized by size of payment), conflicts, the fund fees and expenses borne by you, and how your sales representative is com-
pensated is available at: http://www.morganstanley.com/assets/pdfs/wealth-management-disclosures/mf_share_classes.pdf; and
http://www.morganstanley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/revenue_sharing.pdf or by calling your sales representative. Our Global invest-
ment Manager Analysis team conducts analysis on various mutual funds and exchange-traded funds for clients holding those funds in cer-
tain investment advisory programs. if you have invested in any of these funds in another type of account, such as a brokerage account, you
will not receive the same materials and status updates on the funds as we provide to investment advisory clients (including instructions on
selling fund shares).

Money Mkt Revenue Sharing



Important remuneration notes: the fees, expenses and payments described below are specific to money market mutual fund investments
other than our account sweep options. Information on the fees, expenses, and payments applicable to non-money market mutual funds
and money market sweep funds is available on our website at the address noted below. Morgan Stanley charges a support fee, also called a
revenue-sharing payment, for each direct purchase, non-sweep money market fund we offer. Revenue-sharing payments are generally paid
out of the fund's investment adviser, distributor or other fund affiliate's revenues or profits and not from the fund's assets. We charge reve-
nue-sharing fees on client account holdings in these funds according to a tiered rate which increases along with the expense ratio of the
fund so that funds with lower expense ratios pay lower rates than higher expense ratio funds. The current rates are either 0.07% per year
($7 per $10,000 of assets) or 0.10% per year ($10 per $10,000 of assets). Under certain circumstances, all or a portion of these payments is
allocated to your Morgan Stanley Financial Advisor based upon Morgan Stanley's standard compensation formulas. Note, for advisory ac-
counts, the fees are rebated to clients, Please see the applicable Morgan Stanley ADV brochure for additional information.

Money Mkt Revenue Sharing




Important remuneration note: the fees, expenses and payments described below are specific to money market mutual funds (other than
our account sweep options) held in advisory accounts. Information on the fees, expenses, and payments applicable to non-money market
mutual funds and money market sweep funds is available on our website at the address noted below. We offer clients a large selection of
no-load or load waived Mutual funds (i.e., funds without initial sales charges or funds that waive any such charges) through our various
advisory account programs. Although no sales charges are Imposed on fund purchases, applicable program account fees are assessed on
the value of those funds as set forth in the respective program agreement and disclosure documents. Each mutual fund also deducts cer-
tain ongoing fees from its assets to pay firms that provide various services to the fund, such as the fund's investment adviser, transfer
agent, custodian, and administrator. Shareholder servicing fees, management fees and other ongoing internal expenses Associated with
each mutual fund are described in the mutual fund's prospectus fee table. These fees will vary from fund to fund and for different share
classes of the same fund. Morgan Stanley charges a support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, for each direct purchase, non-
sweep money market fund we offer. Revenue-sharing payments are generally paid out of the fund's investment adviser, distributor or
other fund affiliate's revenues or profits and not from the fund's assets. We charge revenue-sharing fees on client account holdings in these
funds according to a tiered rate which increases along with the expense ratio of the fund so that funds with lower expense ratios pay lower
rates than higher expense ratio funds. The current rates are either 0.07% per year ($7 per $10,000 of assets) or 0.10% per year ($10 per
$10,000 of assets). Under certain circumstances, all or a portion of these payments is allocated to your Morgan Stanley Financial Advisor
based upon Morgan Stanley's standard compensation formulas. Note, for advisory accounts, the fees are rebated to clients, Please see the
applicable Morgan Stanley ADV Brochure for additional information. The above-described fees and expense payments are specific to mu-
tual fund investments, Similar fees and expense payments are not assessed or received on other investments That may be available in our
advisory programs. These facts present a conflict of interest for Morgan Stanley to promote and recommend mutual fund investments in
advisory program accounts rather than other eligible investments that do not make similar payments. In addition, although we seek to
charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-sharings, since our rates are higher for funds with higher expense ratios this fact presents an
incentive for us to promote and recommend those funds. To mitigate this conflict, Financial Advisors and their branch office managers do
not receive additional compensation because of these fees received by Morgan Stanley. Moreover, for advisory account clients the fees are
rebated which we generally expect to offset an advisory account platform fee, where applicable. We also receive investment management
fees and related administrative fees from affiliated mutual funds where the mutual funds' investment advisor is an affiliate of ours. There-
fore, we have a conflict of interest to recommend these funds.

Money Mkt Revenue Sharing


For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. Further information regarding our non-money market fund revenue sharing (including a list of revenue-sharing
fund families organized by size of payment), conflicts, the fund fees and expenses borne by you, and how your sales representative is com-
pensated is available at: http://www.morganstanley.com/assets/pdfs/wealth-management-disclosures/mf_share_classes.pdf; and

http://www. morganstanley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/revenue_sharing.pdf or by calling your sales representative. Our Global Invest-
ment Manager Analysis team conducts analysis on various mutual funds and exchange-traded funds for clients holding those funds in cer-
tain investment advisory programs. if you have invested in any of these funds in another type of account, such as a brokerage account, you
will not receive the same materials and status updates on the funds as we provide to investment advisory clients (including instructions on
selling fund shares).

Money Mkt Revenue Sharing



Important remuneration note: the fees, expenses and payments described below are specific to money market mutual fund investments
other than our account sweep options. Information on the fees, expenses and payments applicable to non-money market mutual funds and
money market sweep funds is available on our website at the address noted below.

Money Mkt Revenue Sharing


‘The above-described fees and expense payments are specific to mutual fund investments, Similar fees and expense payments are not as-
sessed or received on other investments that may be available in our advisory programs. These facts present a conflict of interest for Mor-
gan Stanley to promote and recommend mutual fund investments in advisory program accounts rather than other eligible investments that
do not make similar payments. In addition, although we seek to charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-sharings, since our rates are
higher for funds with higher expense ratios this fact presents an incentive for us to promote and recommend those funds. In order to miti-
gate this conflict, Financial Advisors and their branch office managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these fees re-
ceived by Morgan Stanley. Moreover, for advisory account clients the fees are rebated which we generally expect to offset an advisory ac-
count platform fee, where applicable. We also receive investment management fees and related administrative fees from affiliated mutual
funds where the mutual funds' investment advisor is an affiliate of ours, Therefore, we have a conflict of interest to recommend these
funds.

Money Mkt Revenue Sharing


Important Remuneration Note - The fees, expenses and payments described below are specific to money market mutual funds (other than
our account sweep options) held in advisory accounts. Morgan Stanley charges each fund family we offer a mutual fund support fee, also
called a revenue-sharing payment, on client account holdings in these funds according to a tiered rate which increases along with the ex-
pense ratio of the fund so that funds with lower expense ratios are assessed at lower rates than higher expense ratio funds, The current
rates are either 0.07% per year ($7 per $10,000 of assets) or 0.10% per year ($10 per $10,000 of assets). Under certain circumstances, all or
a portion of these payments is allocated to your Morgan Stanley Financial Advisor based upon Morgan Stanley's standard compensation
formulas. Note, for advisory accounts, the fees are rebated to clients. The revenue sharing fees described above present a conflict of inter-
est for Morgan Stanley. Although we seek to charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-sharing, since our rates are higher for funds with
higher expense ratios, this fact presents an incentive for us to promote and recommend those funds. To mitigate this conflict, the portion
of these fees payable to our Financial Advisors is based upon Morgan Stanley's standard compensation formulas. Moreover, for advisory
account clients the fees are rebated to clients. We also receive invest ment management fees and related administrative fees from affiliated
mutual funds where the mutual funds' investment advisor is an affiliate of ours. Therefore, we have a conflict of interest to recommend
these funds. For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus
and statement of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase and
hold mutual fund shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your advisory program client agreement and ADV brochure. More information
about sweep money market, non-sweep money market and non-money market mutual fund revenue sharing, conflicts, fund fees, and how
your sales representative is compensated, is available in the brochure titled Mutual Fund Features, Share Classes and Compensation and an
additional brochure titled Mutual Fund Revenue Sharing Arrangements, both of which can be found at https://www.morganstan-
ley.com/disclosures or by contacting us


TRAK Management and Other Fees


Fees and expenses: we offer clients a selection of proprietary no-load mutual funds (i.e., Funds without initial sales charges) through the
TRAK CGCM Program. Although no sales charges are imposed on fund purchases in the TRAK CGCM Program, the TRAK CGCM Program.
account fees are assessed on the value of those funds as set forth in the TRAK CGCM Program agreement. Each mutual fund also deducts
certain ongoing fees from its assets to pay firms that provide various services to the fund, such as the fund's investment adviser, transfer
agent, custodian and administrator. Shareholder servicing fees, management fees and other ongoing internal expenses associated with
mutual funds are described in the mutual fund's prospectus fee table. These fees will vary from fund to fund and for different share classes
of the same fund. We receive and retain management fees up to 0.30% per year ($30 per $10,000) of fund assets held in non-retirement
TRAK CGCM client accounts. For retirement TRAK CGCM accounts, we retain management fees up to 0.20% per year ($20 per $10,000) of
fund assets. We will credit retirement TRAK CGCM accounts with the amount of any such fees it receives 0.20%.

TRAK Management and Other Fees


Important remuneration note: the information contained in this disclosure pertains to mutual fund purchases transacted through our TRAK
CGCM program. it does not apply to mutual fund purchases through traditional commission-based brokerage accounts or through other
advisory programs.

Additional Document


Fund families have access to branch offices and Financial Advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts. Certain fund
families (referred to as Global Partners) dedicate significant staffing and financial resources to these activities and therefore may receive
supplemental sales data information and additional opportunities to sponsor firm events and promote their funds to Financial Advisors and
clients. This could, in turn, lead Financial Advisors to focus on those funds offered by our Global Partners when recommending mutual fund
investments to clients instead of on funds from those fund families that do not commit similar resources to educational, marketing and
other promotional efforts. Our Global Partners are denoted by an asterisk on the revenue-sharing fund families list available on our web-
site,

Additional Document


Fund families have access to branch offices and financial advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts unless they do
not agree to make the support fee payments described above. While all revenue-sharing fund families are provided with such access, cer-
tain fund families (referred to as Global Partners) dedicate significant staffing and financial resources to these activities and therefore may
receive supplemental sales data information and opportunities to sponsor firm events and promote their funds to Financial Advisors and
clients. This could, in turn, lead Financial Advisors to focus on those funds offered by our Global Partners when recommending mutual fund

Investments to clients instead of on funds from those fund families that do not commit similar resources to educational, marketing and
other promotional efforts. Our Global Partners are denoted by an asterisk on the revenue-sharing fund families list available on our web-
site,

Additional Document


For more information for additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's pro-
spectus and statement of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase
and hold mutual fund shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your trak cgem client agreement and descriptive brochure as well as the
particular fund's prospectus and statement of additional informations, or contact us. More information about revenue sharing practices for
mutual fund purchases through traditional commission-based brokerage accounts is available at http://www.morganstanley.com/as-
sets/pdfs/wealth-management-disclosures/ mf_share_classes.pdf; and http://www.morganstanley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/reve-
nue_sharing.pdf.

Remuneration Note


For more information for additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's pro-
spectus and statement of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase
and hold mutual fund shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your trak CGCM client agreement and descriptive brochure as well as the
particular fund's prospectus and statement of additional information, or contact us. More information about revenue sharing practices for
mutual fund purchases through traditional commission-based brokerage accounts is available at http://www.morganstanley.com/as-
sets/pdfs/wealth-management-disclosures/mf_share_classes.pdf; and http://www.morganstanley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/reve-
nue_sharing.pdf.

Additional Document


Fees and expenses MSSB offers clients a selection of proprietary no-load mutual funds (i.e., Funds without initial sales charges) through the
TRAK CGCM program. Although no sales charges are imposed on fund purchases in the TRAK CGCM program, the TRAK CGCM program
account fees are assessed on the value of those funds as set forth in the trak egom program agreement. Each mutual fund also deducts
certain ongoing fees from its assets to pay firms that provide various services to the fund, such as the fund's investment adviser, transfer
agent, custodian and administrator. Shareholder servicing fees, management fees and other ongoing internal expenses associated with
mutual funds are described in the mutual fund's prospectus fee table. These fees will vary from fund to fund and for different share classes
of the same fund. MSSB receives and retains management fees up to 0.30% Per year ($30 per $10,000) of fund assets held in non-retire-
ment trak cgem client accounts. For retirement trak cgcm accounts, MSSB retains management fees up to 0.20% Per year ($20 per $10,000)
of fund assets. MSSB will credit retirement TRAK CGCM accounts with the amount of any such fees IT receives above 0.20%.

Additional Document




Important remuneration note the information contained in this disclosure pertains to mutual fund purchases transacted through the trak
gem program of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (MSSB). It does not apply to mutual fund purchases through traditional commission-based
brokerage accounts or through other advisory programs.

Additional Document


Fees and expenses we offer clients a selection of proprietary no-load mutual funds (i.e., Funds without initial sales charges) through the
‘trak cgem program. Although no sales charges are imposed on fund purchases in the trak egcm program, the trak cgem program account
fees are assessed on the value of those funds as set forth in the trak gem program agreement. Each mutual fund also deducts certain on-
going fees from its assets to pay firms that provide various services to the fund, such as the fund's investment adviser, transfer agent, cus-
todian and administrator. Shareholder servicing fees, management fees and other ongoing internal expenses associated with mutual funds
are described in the mutual fund's prospectus fee table. These fees will vary from fund to fund and for different share classes of the same
fund. We receive and retain management fees up to 0.30% Per year ($30 per $10,000) of fund assets held in non-retirement TRAK CGCM.
client accounts. For retirement TRAK CGCM accounts, we retain management fees up to 0.20% Per year ($20 per $10,000) of fund assets.
‘We will credit retirement TRAK CGCM accounts with the amount of any such fees IT receives above 0.20%,

Additional Document


For more information for additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's pro-
spectus and statement of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase
and hold mutual fund shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your trak cgem client agreement and descriptive brochure as well as the
particular fund's prospectus and statement of additional informations, or call your financial advisor. More information about revenue shar-
ing practices for mutual fund purchases through traditional commission-based brokerage accounts is available at http://www2.Morgan-
stanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/mutualfunds.asp, http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/pdfs/reve-
nue_sharing.pdf.

Additional Document


The information contained in this disclosure pertains to mutual fund purchases transacted through the trak cgem program of Morgan Stan-
ley Smith Barney (MSSB). IT does not apply to mutual fund purchases through traditional commission-based brokerage accounts or through
other advisory programs.

Additional Document



For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase and hold mutual fund
shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your trak fund solution client agreement and adv brochure as well as the particular fund's pro-
spectus and statement of additional informations, of call your Financial Advisor. More information about revenue sharing practices for mu-
tual fund purchases through traditional commission-based accounts available at http://mww.morganstanleyindividual.com/ourcommit-
ment/billofrights.asp.

Additional Document


SSB consulting group investment advisor research department conducts research on various mutual funds for clients holding those funds
in certain investment advisory programs. If you have instead invested in another type of account, such as a brokerage account, you will not
receive the same research materials and status updates on the funds as we provide to investment advisory clients (including instructions on
selling fund shares).

Additional Document


This confirm may not include transaction amounts or balances concerning the money market fund to which excess cash is swept from this
account. Morgan Stanley Smith Barney and/or its affiliates receive payments for recordkeeping and administrative services up to 0.12% (12
Basis points) per year of the value of assets held by Morgen Stanley Smith Barney clients on all mutual funds. Any additional payments that
are received by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney are rebated back to the client. Your Financial Advisor does not receive any of these payments,
and not all fund families pay the same amount or according to the same formula. For specific information regarding the funds which make
these payments, please go to the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney website at http://www.morganstanleyindividual.com.

Additional Document


We charge mutual fund families a support fee, also known as revenue sharing based upon our clients’ mutual fund holdings, excluding the
referenced section 529 plan holdings. The amount that we earn from such fees is substantial. Some of the same mutual fund families man-
age the section 529 plans we sell. Revenue sharing fees are paid from the assets of affiliates of, or service providers to, the mutual fund
families not from the fund itself. Our Financial Advisors do not receive any part of these fees. 529 Plan managers have access to our branch
offices and Financial Advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts. Although all 529 plans are provided with such ac-
cess, some managers and their affiliates devote more staff and resources to these activities and therefore may have enhanced opportuni-
ties to promote their 529 plans to our financial advisors.

Additional Document




For additional information on a particular 529 plan's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the plan's program disclosure
documents and/or the fund's prospectus and statement of additional information. Further information regarding mutual fund revenue-
sharing is available at: http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/ mutualfunds.asp, http://www2.Morganstan-
ley.com/wealth/disclosures/ pdfs/revenue_sharing,paf or by contacting us.

Additional Document


Morgan Stanley Smith Barney and/or its affiliates receive payments from the funds for recordkeeping and administrative services up to
0.10% (10 Basis points) per year of the value of assets held in load funds and 0.25% (25 Basis points) per year of the value of the assets held
in no-load funds. For more information about amounts payable to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney and/or its affiliates from mutual fund com-
panies, please go to our website at http://www.morganstanleyindividual.com.

Additional Document


For additional information on a particular 529 plan's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the plan's program disclosure
documents and/or the fund's prospectus and statement of additional information. Further information regarding mutual fund revenue-
sharing is available at: http://www.Smithbarney.com/products_services/mutual_funds/ investor_information/, http://www.morganstan-
leyindividual.com/investmentproducts/ funds/ or by contacting us.

Additional Document


Morgan Stanley Smith Barney charges mutual fund families a support fee, also known as revenue sharing based upon Morgan Stanley Smith
Barney clients' mutual fund holdings, excluding the referenced section 529 plan holdings. The amount that Morgan Stanley Smith Barney
earns from such fees is substantial. Some of the same mutual fund families manage the section 529 plans we sell. Revenue sharing fees are
paid from the assets of affiliates of, or service providers to, the mutual fund families not from the fund itself. Our Financial Advisors do not
receive any part of these fees. 529 Plan managers have access to our branch offices and financial advisors for educational, marketing and
other promotional efforts. Although all 529 plans are provided with such access, some managers and their affiliates devote more staff and
resources to these activities and therefore may have enhanced opportunities to promote their 529 plans to our financial advisors.

Additional Document


The investment advisor of the mutual fund you purchased will pay Morgan Stanley Smith Barney and/or its affiliates an upfront marketing
and structuring fee of 1.25% Of the aggregate issue price of the common shares that IT sells. Your Financial Advisor does not receive any of
this fee but will receive a portion of the 4.5% Sale load that the mutual fund pays to Morgan Stanley Smith Barney and/or its affiliates.

Please see the prospectus for additional details concerning these payments and other important information concerning your investment in
this fund.

Additional Document


‘We and/or our affiliates have entered into an arrangement whereby MBSC securities Corp. (A subsidiary of dreyfus corporation) pays to us
and/or our affiliates from its own assets an amount equal to up to .35% (35 Basis points) of average daily balance of the shares of certain
money market funds maintained in the accounts of our clients. A portion of this payment is paid to Financial Advisors based upon the finan-
cial advisors’ payout rates. The payment is also credited to the gross production of branches and therefore positively affects branch manag-
ers' incentive compensation. For more information, please go to our website at http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolu-
tions/mutuatfunds.asp.

Additional Document


‘We and/or our affiliates have entered into a revenue-sharing arrangement with the investment manager of the fund and receive up to
0.12% (12 Basis points) per year based on current fund assets. Such payments are not paid out of assets of the funds and do not affect the
share price. Your Financial Advisor does not receive any portion of this payment. For more information, please go to our website at
http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/mutualfunds.asp, http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/disclo-
sures/pdfs/revenue_sharing.pdf.

Additional Document


‘We and/or our affiliates receive payments for recordkeeping and administrative services up to 0.12% (12 Basis points) per year of the value
of assets held by our clients on all mutual funds. Any additional payments that are received by us are rebated back to the client. Your Finan-
cial Advisor does not receive any of these payments, and not all fund families pay the same amount or according to the same formula, For
specific information regarding the funds which make these payments, please go to our website at http://www. morganstanleyindivid-
al.com.

Additional Document


‘We and/or our affiliates receive payments for recordkeeping, administrative and shareholder services of up to 0.25% (25 Basis points) per
year of the value of assets held by our clients. Your Financial Advisor does not receive any of these additional payments, and not all fund
families pay the same amount or according to the same formula. For specific information regarding the funds which make these payments,
please go to our website at http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/mutualfunds.asp.


Additional Document


Morgan Stanley Smith Barney and/or its affiliates receive payments for recordkeeping and administrative services up to 0.12% (12 Basis
points) per year of the value of assets held by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney clients on all mutual funds. Any additional payments that are
received by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney are rebated back to the client. Your financial advisor does not receive any of these payments, and
not all fund families pay the same amount or according to the same formula. For specific information regarding the funds which make these
payments, please go to the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney website at http://www.morganstanleyindividual.com,

529 Plan Revenue Sharing


We receive a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, on our clients' mutual fund holdings, including assets held in
the scholars choice education savings plan. Revenue-sharing fees are generally paid out of the fund or plan's investment adviser, distributor
or other affiliate's revenues or profits and not from the fund's assets. The revenue-sharing fee rate for 529 plans is up to a maximum of
0.10% per year ($10 per $10,000 of assets). We do not currently collect revenue- sharing fees from the managers of most of the other 529,
plans available at the firm. This fact presents a conflict of interest as it could lead Financial Advisors to focus on the scholars choice educa-
tion savings plan as well as other plans whose managers make revenue-sharing payments when recommending a college savings plan in-
vestment to clients, To mitigate this conflict, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not receive additional compensation as a
result of these payments.

Investment Switch Information


Important investment switch information: our records indicate that you may have used the proceeds from the sale of one mutual fund or
unit investment trust to purchase another mutual fund or unit invest ment trust. When you switch between mutual funds and/or unit in-
vestment trusts you may incur a new front end sales charge on the new purchase or start a new holding period that may apply for a de-
ferred sales charge. You may also incur a deferred sales charge on the security sold. The confirmation statement above may contain addi
tional details about these charges. Many mutual fund families allow investors to exchange between funds within a fund family without
incurring front end or deferred sales charges. if, over time, you redeem unit investment trusts before the termination date and use the
proceeds to purchase new unit investment trusts, you will experience higher charges over multiple occurrences. You should consider this
When considering making a new investment purchase.

Additional Document


Morgan Stanley Smith Barney's investment advisor research department conducts research on various mutual funds and exchange-traded
funds for clients holding those funds in certain investment advisory programs. if you have instead invested in any of these funds in another
type of account, such as a brokerage account, you will not receive the same research materials and status updates on the funds as we pro-
vide to investment advisory clients (including instructions on selling fund shares).

529 Plan Fees and Payments


529 Plan managers have access to our branch offices and Financial Advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts and
expense reimbursement support. Although all 529 plan managers are provided with such access, some managers and their affiliates devote
more staff and resources to these activities and therefore may have enhanced opportunities to promote their 529 plans to our Financial
‘Advisors. Morgan Stanley also receives compensation from mutual funds and some 529 plan sponsors, or their affiliated service providers,
for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and related services to the funds. The fee rate for 529 plan assets ranges from $18 per
plan fund position per year to 0.06% per year ($6 per $10,000 of assets}, depending on the plan. Since we collect administrative service fees
from the sponsors of this 529 plan, but not other 529 plans available at the firm, this fact presents a conflict of interest as it could lead
nancial Advisors to focus on the 529 plans that do provide such support when recommending a college savings plan investment to clients.
To mitigate this conflict, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these pay-
ments.

529 Plan Fees and Payments


529 Plan managers have access to our branch offices and Financial Advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts and
expense reimbursement support. Although all 529 plan managers are provided with such access, some managers and their affiliates devote
more staff and resources to these activities and therefore may have enhanced opportunities to promote their 529 plans to our Financial
Advisors. Morgan Stanley also receives compensation from mutual funds and some 529 plan sponsors, or their affiliated service providers,
for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and related services to the funds. The fee rate for 529 plan assets ranges from $18 per
plan fund position per year to 0.06% per year ($6 per $10,000 of assets), depending on the plan. Since we do not currently collect adminis-
trative service fees on all of the 529 plans available at the firm, including the scholar's choice plan, this fact presents a conflict of interest as
it could lead Financial Advisors to focus on the 529 plans that do provide such support when recommending a college savings plan invest-
ment to clients. To mitigate this conflict, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of
these payments.

Additional Document


529 Plan managers have access to our branch offices and Financial Advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts and
expense reimbursement support. Although all 529 plan managers are provided with such access, some managers and their affiliates devote
more staff and resources to these activities and therefore may have enhanced opportunities to promote their 529 plans to our Financial
Advisors. Morgan Stanley also receives compensation from mutual funds and some 529 plan sponsors, or their affiliated service providers
for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and related services to the funds. The fee rate for 529 plan assets is up to $21 per plan
fund position per year. Since we do not currently collect administrative service fees on all of the 529 plans available at the firm including
the plan you purchased. This fact presents a conflict of interest as IT could lead Financial Advisors to focur on the 529 plans that do provide
such support when recommending a college savings plan investment to clients. To mitigate this conflict, Financial Advisors and their Branch
Managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these payments.


529 Plan Fees and Payments


529 Plan managers have access to our branch offices and Financial Advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts and
expense reimbursement support. Although all 529 plan managers are provided with such access, some managers and their affiliates devote
more staff and resources to these activities and therefore may have enhanced opportunities to promote their 529 plans to our Financial
‘Advisors. Morgan Stanley also receives compensation from mutual funds and some 529 plan sponsors, or their affiliated service providers,
for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and related services to the funds. The fee rate for 529 plan assets ranges from $18 per
plan fund position per year to 0.06% per year ($6 per $10,000 of assets), depending on the plan. Since we do not currently collect adminis-
trative service fees on all of the 529 plans available at the firm, including the plan you purchased, this fact presents a conflict of interest as
it could lead Financial Advisors to focus on the 529 plans that do provide such support when recommending a college savings plan invest-
ment to clients. To mitigate this conflict, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of
these payments.

529 Plan Revenue Sharing


We receive a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, on our clients' mutual fund holdings, including some 529
plan holdings. Revenue-sharing fees are generally paid out of the fund or plan's investment adviser, distributor or other affiliate's revenues
or profits and not from the fund's assets. The revenue-sharing fee rate for 529 plans is up to a maximum of 0.10% per year ($10 per
$10,000 of assets) and depends on the plan. We do not currently collect revenue-sharing fees from the managers of most of the other 529
plans available at the firm, including the plan you purchased. This fact presents a conflict of interest as it could lead Financial Advisors to
focus on the 529 plans that do provide such support when recommending a college savings plan investment to clients. To mitigate this con-
flict, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these payments.

529 Plan Revenue Sharing


We receive a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, on our clients' mutual fund holdings, including some 529
plan holdings. Revenue-sharing fees are generally paid out of the fund or plan's investment adviser, distributor or other affiliate's revenues
or profits and not from the fund's assets. The revenue-sharing fee rate for 529 plans is up to a maximum of 0.10% per year ($10 per
$10,000 of assets) and depends on the plan. We do not currently collect revenue-sharing fees from the managers of most of the other 529
plans available at the firm, including the plan you purchased. This fact presents a conflict of interest as it could lead Financial Advisors to
focus on the 529 plans that do provide such support when recommending a college savings plan investment to clients. To mitigate this con-
flict, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these payments.

Additional Document



We charge mutual fund families a support fee, also known as revenue sharing, of up to a maximum of 0.16% Per year ($16 per $10,000) of
our clients' mutual fund holdings, including some section 529 plan holdings. The amount that we earn from these fees is substantial. Reve-
nue sharing fees are paid from the assets, revenues or profits of the fund or plan's investment manager and/or other service providers not
from the fund or plan itself,

Additional Disclosure


Fund families are typically provided with opportunities to sponsor meetings and conferences and are granted access to branch offices and
Financial Advisors for educational, marketing, and other promotional efforts. Fund families or their affiliates make payments to Morgan
Stanley in connection with these promotional efforts to reimburse us for expenses incurred for various sales meetings, client seminars and
conferences. Although fund families independently decide if and what they will spend on these activities, some fund families agree to make
annual dollar amount expense reimbursement commitments of up to $600,000, although actual reimbursements may be higher. In addi-
tion, some fund families provide support of up to $125,000 per year for the development and maintenance of our internal Financial Advisor
training and education e-learning platform. Fund families may also invite our Financial Advisors to attend fund family sponsored events.
Morgan Stanley also provides fund families with the opportunity to purchase sales data analytics. The amount of the fees depends on the
level of data and ranges up to $600,000 per year. For an additional fee, fund families may purchase supplemental data analytics on other
financial product sales at Morgan Stanley.

The above-described fees and expense payments are specific to mutual fund investments. Similar fees and expense payments are not as-
sessed or received on other investments that may be available in our advisory programs. These facts present a conflict of interest for Mor-
gan Stanley and our Financial Advisors to promote and recommend mutual fund investments in advisory program accounts rather than
other eligible investments that do not make similar payments. In addition, although we seek to charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-
sharing and administrative service fees, in aggregate we receive significantly more from the fund families with the largest client fund share
holdings at our firm. This in turn could lead our Financial Advisors to focus on those fund families as well as on fund families that provide
significant sales expense support instead of fund families that do not purchase data analytics or do not commit similar resources to sales
and training activities. Finally, since our revenue-sharing rates are higher for funds with higher management fees, this fact presents a con-
flict of interest for us to promote and recommend funds that have higher management fees. In order to mitigate these conflicts, Financial
‘Advisors and their branch office managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these fees received by Morgan Stanley.
Moreover, for advisory account clients the revenue-sharing and administrative service fees are rebated which we generally expect to offset
an advisory account platform fee, where applicable.

Affiliate Management Fees


We receive investment management fees from affiliated mutual funds where the mutual funds' investment advisor is an affiliate of ours,
Therefore, we have a conflict of interest to recommend the Morgan Stanley National Advisory 529 plan. For further information regarding
fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase and hold an interest in the Morgan Stanley National Advisory 529 plan, please refer to
your Advisory Program Client Agreement and ADV brochure or contact us.

529 Plan Fees and Payments

529 Plan managers have access to our branch offices and Financial Advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts and
expense reimbursement support. Although all 529 plan managers are provided with such access, some managers and their affiliates devote
more staff and resources to these activities and therefore may have enhanced opportunities to promote their 529 plans to our Financial
‘Advisors. Morgan Stanley also receives compensation from mutual funds and some 529 plan sponsors, or their affiliated service providers,
for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and related services to the funds. The fee rate for 529 plan assets ranges from $18 per
plan fund position per year to 0.06% per year ($6 per $10,000 of assets), depending on the plan. Since we collect administrative service fees
from the sponsor of this 529 plan, but not other 529 plans available at the firm, this fact presents a conflict of interest as it could lead Finan-
cial Advisors to focus on the 529 plans that do provide such support when recommending a college savings plan investment to clients. To
mitigate this conflict, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these payments.

529 Plan Revenue Sharing


We receive a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, on our clients' mutual fund holdings, including assets held in
this college savings 529 plan, Revenue-sharing fees are generally paid out of the fund or plan's investment adviser, distributor or other affil-
iate's revenues or profits and not from the fund's assets. The revenue-sharing fee rate for 529 plans is up to a maximum of 0.10% per year
($10 per $10,000 of assets) and depends on the plan. We do not currently collect revenue-sharing fees from the managers of most of the
other 529 plans available at the firm. This fact presents a conflict of interest as it could lead Financial Advisors to focus on this college sav-
ings 529 plan as well as other plans whose managers make revenue-sharing payments when recommending a college savings plan invest-
ment to clients. To mitigate this conflict, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of
these payments.

529 Plan Revenue Sharing:


For additional information on a particular 529 plan's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the plan's program disclosure
documents and/or the fund's prospectus and statement of additional information. Further information regarding mutual fund revenue-
sharing is available at: http://www.morganstanley.com/wealth-investmentsolutions/pdfs/529plan.pdf and http://www.morganstan-
ley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/revenue_sharing.pdf or by contacting us.

Additional Document


We charge mutual fund families a support fee, also known as revenue sharing, of up to a maximum of 0.16% Per year ($16 per $10,000) of
our clients' mutual fund holdings, including assets held in the Scholars Choice College Savings 529 plan. Revenue sharing fees are paid from
the assets, revenues or profits of the fund or 529 plan's investment manager and/or other service providers not from the fund or plan itself.

Additional Document



‘We also receive investment management fees and related administrative fees from affiliated mutual funds where the mutual funds’ invest-
ment advisor is an affiliate of ours. Therefore, we have a conflict of interest to recommend these funds.

Additional Document


For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase and hold mutual fund
shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your advisory program client agreement and adv brochure or contact us. More information
about revenue sharing practices for mutual fund purchases through traditional commission-based brokerage accounts is available at
http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/mutualfunds.asp; and http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/disclo-
sures/pdfs/revenue_sharing.pdt.

Additional Document


Certain fund families (referred to as either Global Partners or emerging partners) dedicate significant staffing and financial resources to
these efforts and receive supplemental sales data analytics as well as additional opportunities to sponsor firm events and promote their
funds to Financial Advisors and clients. Global Partners commit $550,000 per year for training and sales meeting expenses and $200,000
per year for data analytics. Emerging partners commit $250,000 per year for training and sales meeting expenses and pay a fee of $100,000
per year for data analytics. Our global and emerging partners are denoted by an asterisk on the revenue-sharing fund families list available


on our website. The above-described fees and expense payments are specific to mutual fund investments. Similar fees and expense pay-
ments are not assessed or received on other investments that may be available in our advisory programs. These facts present a conflict of
interest for Morgan Stanley and our Financial Advisors to promote and recommend mutual fund investments in advisory program accounts
rather than other eligible investments that do not make similar payments. In order to mitigate this conflict, Financial Advisors and their
branch office managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these service fees and expense payments received by Morgan
Stanley.

Additional Document


*advisory account conversion notice we are pleased to announce a change to your advisory mutual fund share class holdings. As you may
already know, we have developed an automated process to convert your current mutual fund share classes into advisory share classes of
the same funds. Advisory share classes typically have lower expense ratios. The mutual fund share classes to which your mutual fund posi-
tions have converted will now receive all of the advisory services detailed in your Morgan Stanley advisory client agreement and will be
subject to the fees outlined in that agreement. On this confirmation, you will see the mutual fund conversions that have taken place in your
account, pursuant to the terms of your advisory agreement. if you have any questions, please contact us.

Additional Document


“advisory account conversion notice pursuant to the terms of our fee-based account programs, we have converted your mutual fund
shares from an advisory program share class to a brokerage account share class of the same fund. This conversion occurred upon your ter-
mination of the advisory program, termination of your relationship with us, or the removal of the fund shares from the advisory program.
Although you will no longer be subject to the applicable asset based program fees on the fund shares, your converted fund class shares are
subject to the fees and expenses stated in the prospectus as well as those noted below for fund positions held in traditional commission-
based brokerage accounts.

Additional Document


“advisory account conversion notice we are pleased to announce a change to your advisory mutual fund share class holdings. As you may
already know, we have developed an automated process to convert your current mutual fund share classes into advisory share classes of
the same funds. Advisory share classes typically have lower expense ratios, thus reducing the overall expenses associated with mutual fund
holdings. On this confirmation, you will see the mutual fund conversions that have taken place in your account, pursuant to the terms of
your advisory agreement. if you have any questions, please contact your Financial Advisor.

Adv Mutual Fund Fees and Pymts


‘The above-described fees and expense payments are specific to mutual fund investments, Similar fees and expense payments are not as-
sessed or received on other investments that may be available in our advisory programs. These facts present a conflict of interest for Mor-
gan Stanley and our Financial Advisors to promote and recommend mutual fund investments in advisory program accounts rather than
other eligible investments that do not make similar payments. In addition, although we seek to charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-
sharing and administrative service fees, in aggregate we receive significantly more from the fund Families with the largest client fund share
holdings at our firm. This in turn could lead our Financial Advisors to focus on those fund families as well as on fund families that provide
significant sales expense support instead of fund families that do not purchase data analytics or do not commit similar resources to sales
and training activities. Finally, since our revenue sharing rates are higher for funds with higher management fees, this fact presents a con-
flict of interest for us to promote and recommend funds that have higher management fees. To mitigate these conflicts, Financial Advisors
and their branch office managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these fees received by Morgan Stanley. Moreover,
for advisory account clients the revenue-sharing and administrative service fees are rebated which we generally expect to offset an advi-
sory account platform fee, where applicable. We also receive investment management fees and related administrative fees from affiliated
mutual funds where the mutual funds investment advisor is an affiliate of ours. Therefore, we have a conflict of interest to recommend
these funds. For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus
and statement of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase and
hold mutual fund shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your advisory program client agreement and adv brochure or contact us.
More information about revenue sharing practices for mutual fund purchases is available at http://www.morganstanley.com/as-
sets/pdfs/wealth-management-Disclosures/mf_share_classes.Pdf and


http://www.morganstanley.com/wealth/disclosures/Pdfs/revenue_sharing.Pdf. Our Global investment Manager Analysis team conducts
analysis on various mutual funds and exchange-traded funds for clients holding those funds in certain investment advisory programs. If you
have invested in any of these funds in another type of account, such as a brokerage account, you will not receive the same materials and
status updates on the funds as we provide to investment advisory clients (including instructions on selling fund shares).

Adv Mutual Fund Fees and Pymts


Fund families are typically provided with opportunities to sponsor meetings and conferences and are granted access to branch offices and
Financial Advisors for educational, marketing, and other promotional efforts. Fund families or their affiliates make payments to Morgan
Stanley in connection with these promotional efforts to reimburse us for expenses incurred for various sales meetings, client seminars and
conferences. Although fund families independently decide if and what they will spend on these activities, some fund families agree to make
annual dollar amount expense reimbursement commitments of up to $600,000, although actual reimbursements may be higher. In addi-
tion, some fund families provide support of up to $125,000 per year for the development and maintenance of our internal financial advisor
training and education e-learning platform. Fund families may also invite our Financial Advisors to attend fund family sponsored events.
Morgan Stanley also provides fund families with the opportunity to purchase sales data analytics. The amount of the fees depends on the
level of data and ranges up to $600,000 per year. For an additional fee, fund families may purchase supplemental data analytics on other
financial product sales at Morgan Stanley.

Additional Document


“advisory account conversion notice pursuant to the terms of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney's fee-based account programs, we have con-
verted your mutual fund shares from an advisory program share class to a brokerage account share class of the same fund. This conversion
occurred upon your termination of the advisory program, termination of your relationship with Morgan Stanley Smith Barney, or the re-
moval of the fund shares from the advisory program. Although you will no longer be subject to the applicable asset based program fees on
the fund shares, your converted fund class shares are subject to the fees and expenses stated in the prospectus as well as those noted be-
low for fund positions held in traditional commission-based brokerage accounts.

Additional Document


Our consulting group investment advisor research department conducts research of various mutual funds for clients holding those funds in
certain investment advisory programs. If you have instead invested in another type of account, such as a brokerage account, you will not
receive the same research materials and status updates on the funds as we provide to investment advisory clients (including instructions on
selling fund shares).

Additional Document



Our investment advisor research department conducts research on various mutual funds and exchange-traded funds for clients holding
those funds in certain investment advisory programs. If you have instead invested in any of these funds in another type of account, such as
a brokerage account, you will not receive the same research materials and status updates on the funds as we provide to investment advi
sory clients (including instructions on selling fund shares).

Additional Disclosure


Notice regarding potential Puerto Rico risk exposure: as you may be aware, securities issued by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico has filed,
and certain affiliates have filed or may in the future file, for bankruptcy under Title Il of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Eco-
nomic Stability Act. As a result, certain bonds are in default and may experience limited or no liquidity. There can be no assurance that prin-
cipal or interest will be paid. Securities issued by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or affiliates of the Commonwealth will likely continue
to be volatile due to bankruptcy or the possibility of bankruptcy, repeated downgrades, relatively high debt loads, defaults of certain securi-
ties, and litigation, among other factors. These factors may further affect the value, liquidity, and credit quality of your Puerto Rico securi-
ties or mutual funds that hold these securities. Particular consideration should be given to situations where overall exposure to Puerto Rico
debt makes up a significant part of one’s investments, even if that exposure is spread across multiple issuers or securities. The use of mar-
gin or other forms of borrowing against accounts that hold Puerto Rico municipal bonds or mutual funds may increase the above-described
risks, Please contact us if you have any questions regarding the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or affiliates of the Commonwealth or any of
the above information. Public filings are available on the municipal securities rulemaking boards, EMMA website at http://emma.msrb.org.
This communication is a notification and not a research report prepared by the research department of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC or Mor-
gan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. In providing this notification, Morgan Stanley is not expressing a view on the likelihood of occurrence of any
of the events or effects described above and is not making a recommendation to investors concerning their Puerto Rico investments.

 Mutual Fund Fees and Pymts


For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. Further Information regarding revenue sharing (including a list of revenue-sharing fund families organized by size
of payment), conflicts, the fund fees and expenses borne by you, and how your sales representative Is compensated is available at:
http://www.morganstanley.com/assets/pdfs/wealth-management-disclosures/mf_share_classes.pdf; and http://www.morganstan-
ley.com/wealth/disclosures/pdfs/revenue_sharing.pdf or by calling your sales representative.

Additional Document


‘We also receive a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, from each fund family we offer. Revenue-sharing pay-
ments are generally paid out of the investment adviser's or other fund affiliate's revenues or profits and not from the fund's assets. We
charge fund families revenue-sharing fees up to a maximum per fund family of 0.16% Per year ($16 per $10,000) on the mutual fund hold-
ings of our brokerage account clients, subject to a minimum charge of $250,000 per year per fund family. Financial Advisors receive abso-
lutely no additional compensation as a result of any revenue-sharing payments received,


Additional Document


Morgan Stanley Smith Barney also receives a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, from each fund family we
offer. Revenue-sharing payments are generally paid out of the investment adviser's or other fund affiliate's revenues or profits and not
from the fund's assets. We charge fund families revenue-sharing fees up to a maximum per fund family of 0.16% per year ($16 per $10,000)
on the mutual fund holdings of our brokerage account clients, subject to a minimum charge of $250,000 per year per fund family. Financial
advisors receive absolutely no additional compensation as a result of any revenue-sharing payments received.

Adv Mutual Fund Fees and Pymts


Morgan Stanley charges each fund family we offer a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, on client account
holdings in funds according to a tiered rate which increases along with the management fee of the fund, so the lower management fee
funds are assessed at lower rates than those with higher management fees. The rate ranges from 0.01% per year ($1 per $10,000 of assets)
up to a maximum of 0.10% per year ($10 per $10,000 of assets), However, for advisory accounts there are account type and program ex-
ceptions, and the fees are rebated to clients.

Morgan Stanley also receives compensation from funds or their affiliated service providers of 0.06% per year ($6 per $10,000) of fund as-
sets held by our clients for providing certain administrative, recordkeeping and related services to the funds. Moreover, we and/or our
affiliates receive from certain funds compensation in the form of commissions and other fees for providing traditional brokerage services,
including related research and advisory support, and for purchases and sales of securities for fund portfolios.

Fund families are typically provided with opportunities to sponsor meetings and conferences and are granted access to branch offices and
financial advisors for educational, marketing, and other promotional efforts. Fund families make payments to Morgan Stanley in connection
With these promotional efforts to reimburse us for expenses incurred for various sales meetings, client seminars and conferences.

Morgan Stanley also provides fund families with the opportunity to purchase sales data analytics. The amount of the fees depends on the
level of data,

‘The above-described fees and expense payments are specific to mutual fund investments and present a conflict of interest for Morgan
Stanley and our financial advisors to recommend mutual funds over other invest ments that do not make such payments. Although we seek
to charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-sharing and administrative service fees, in aggregate we receive significantly more from the
fund families with the largest client fund share holdings at our firm. This in turn could lead our financial advisors to focus on those fund
families as well as on fund families that provide significant sales expense support and/or purchase data analytics instead of fund families
that do not.


In addition, since our revenue sharing rates are higher for funds with higher management fees, this fact presents a conflict of interest for us
‘to promote and recommend funds that have higher management fees. In order to mitigate these conflicts, financial advisors and their
branch office managers do not receive additional compensation as a result of these fees received by Morgan Stanley. Moreover, for advi-
sory account clients the revenue-sharing and administrative service fees are rebated to clients.

We also receive investment management fees and related administrative fees from affiliated mutual funds where the mutual funds' invest-
ment advisor is an affiliate of ours. Therefore, we have a conflict of interest to recommend these funds.

For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase and hold mutual fund
shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your advisory program client agreement and adv brochure. Further information regarding reve-
nue sharing, expense payments, data analytics fees, conflicts, and how your sales representative is compensated is available in the bro-
chure titled Mutual Fund Features, Share Classes and Compensation and an additional brochure titled Mutual Fund Revenue Sharing Ar-
rangements, both of which can be found at https://www.morganstanley.com/disclosures or by contacting us.

Money MKT Revenue Sharing


Important Remuneration Notes - Money Mkt Revenue Sharing - The fees, expenses and payments described below are specific to money
market mutual fund investments other than our account sweep options. Morgan Stanley charges each fund family we offer a mutual fund
support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, on client account holdings in these funds according to a tiered rate which increases
along with the expense ratio of the fund so that funds with lower expense ratios are assessed at lower rates than higher expense ratio
funds. The current rates are either 0.07% per year ($7 per $10,000 of assets) or 0.10% per year ($10 per $10,000 of assets). Under certain
circumstances, all or a portion of these payments is allocated to your Morgan Stanley Financial Advisor based upon Morgan Stanley's stand-
ard compensation formulas. The revenue sharing fees described above present a conflict of interest for Morgan Stanley. Although we seek
to charge uniform rates for revenue-sharing, since our rates are higher for funds with higher expense ratios, this fact presents an incentive
for us to promote and recommend those funds. To mitigate this conflict, the portion of these fees payable to our Financial Advisors is based
upon Morgan Stanley's standard compensation formulas. However, Financial Advisors designated as corporate cash directors receive as
compensation the full payment amount of either 0.07% or 0.10% ($7 or $10 per $10,000 of assets}. This tiered payment structure presents
a conflict of interest for corporate cash directors to recommend funds that have higher expense ratios. For additional information on a par-
ticular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement of additional information. Further
information regarding sweep money market, non-sweep money market and non-money market fund revenue sharing, conflicts, fund fees,
and how your sales representative is compensated is available in the brochure titled Mutual Fund Features, Share Classes and Compensa-
tion and an additional brochure titled Mutual Fund Revenue Sharing Arrangements, both of which can be found at https://www.morgan-
stanley.com/disclosures or by contacting us.

Fees and Payments


The investment advisor of the mutual fund you purchased will pay us and/or our affiliates an upfront marketing and structuring fee of
1.25% of the aggregate issue price of the common shares that it sells. Your sales representative does not receive any of this fee but will
receive a portion of the 4.5% sale load that the mutual fund pays to us and/or our affiliates, Please see the prospectus for additional details
concerning these payments and other important information concerning your investment in this fund.

Additional Document


‘We and/or our affiliates have entered into a revenue-sharing arrangement with the investment manager of the fund and receive up to
0.12% (12 Basis points) per year based on current fund assets. Such payments are not paid out of assets of the funds and do not affect the
share price. Your Financial Advisor does not receive any portion of this payment. For more information, please go to our website at
http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/ mutualfunds.asp, http://www2.Morganstanley.com/wealth/disclosures/
pdfs/revenue_sharing.pdf.

Additional Document


We also receive investment management fees and related administrative fees from affiliated mutual funds where the mutual funds' invest-
ment advisor is an affiliate of ours. Therefore, we have a conflict of interest to recommend these funds.

TRAK Management and Other Fees


Important Remuneration Note - TRAK Management and Other Fees:

The information contained in this disclosure pertains to mutual fund purchases transacted through our TRAK Pathway Program. It does not
apply to mutual fund purchases through traditional commission-based brokerage accounts or through other advisory programs.

Fees and expenses: We offer clients a selection of proprietary no-load mutual funds (ie., funds without initial sales charges) through the
TRAK Pathway Program. Although no sales charges are imposed on fund purchases in the TRAK Pathway Program, the TRAK Pathway Pro-
gram account fees are assessed on the value of those funds as set forth in the TRAK Pathway Program agreement. We retain management
fees up to 0.20% per year ($20 per $10,000) of fund assets held in TRAK Pathway client accounts.


Compensation we receive from funds: Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC affiliates, including Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, receive from certain
funds fees and/or commissions for providing financial and traditional brokerage services for the benefit of such funds, including related
research and advisory support, and for purchases and sales of securities for fund portfolios. They also receive other compensation from
certain funds for financial services performed for the benefit of such funds. We do not consider the amount of brokerage commissions and
service fees paid by a fund to us and our affiliates when we recommend a fund to clients.

For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase and hold mutual fund
shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your TRAK Pathway client agreement and descriptive brochure as well as the particular fund's
prospectus and statement of additional information, or contact us. More information about revenue sharing and conflicts is available in the
brochure titled Mutual Fund Features, Share Classes and Compensation and an additional brochure titled Mutual Fund Revenue Sharing
Arrangements, both of which can be found at https://www.morganstanley.com/disclosures or by contacting us.

Money MKT Revenue Sharing


Important Remuneration Note - The fees, expenses and payments described below are specific to money market mutual funds (other than
our account sweep options) held in advisory accounts. Morgan Stanley charges each fund family we offer a mutual fund support fee, also
called a revenue-sharing payment, on client account holdings in these funds according to a tiered rate which increases along with the ex-
pense ratio of the fund so that funds with lower expense ratios are assessed at lower rates than higher expense ratio funds. The current
rates are either 0.07% per year ($7 per $10,000 of assets) or 0.10% per year ($10 per $10,000 of assets). Under certain circumstances, all or
a portion of these payments is allocated to your Morgan Stanley Financial Advisor based upon Morgan Stanley's standard compensation
formulas. Note, for advisory accounts, the fees are rebated to clients. The revenue sharing fees described above present a conflict of inter-
est for Morgan Stanley. Although we seek to charge uniform rate schedules for revenue-sharing, since our rates are higher for funds with
higher expense ratios, this fact presents an incentive for us to promote and recommend those funds. To mitigate this conflict, the portion
of these fees payable to our Financial Advisors is based upon Morgan Stanley's standard compensation formulas. Moreover, for advisory
account clients the fees are rebated to clients. We also receive investment management fees and related administrative fees from affiliated
mutual funds where the mutual funds' investment advisor is an affiliate of ours. Therefore, we have a conflict of interest to recommend
these funds. For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus
and statement of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase and
hold mutual fund shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your advisory program client agreement and ADV brochure. More information
about sweep money market, non-sweep money market and non-money market mutual fund revenue sharing, conflicts, fund fees, and how
your sales representative is compensated, is available in the brochure titled Mutual Fund Features, Share Classes and Compensation and an
additional brochure titled Mutual Fund Revenue Sharing Arrangements, both of which can be found at https://www.morganstan-
ley.com/disclosures or by contacting us.

Investment Switch Information



Our records indicate that you may have used the proceeds from the sale of one mutual fund or unit investment trust to purchase another
mutual fund or unit investment trust. When you switch between mutual funds and/or unit investment trusts you may incur a new front-end
sales charge on the new purchase or start a new holding period that may apply for a deferred sales charge. You may also incur a deferred
sales charge on the security sold. The confirmation statement above may contain additional details about these charges. Many mutual fund
families allow investors to exchange between funds within a fund family without incurring front end or deferred sales charges. If, over time,
you redeem unit investment trusts before the termination date and use the proceeds to purchase new unit investment trusts, you will ex-
perience higher charges over multiple occurrences. You should consider this when considering making a new investment purchase. Since
the sale of any investment may have tax implications, we recommend you consult your tax advisor to review the effect of any transaction.

Investment Switch Information


Our records indicate that you may have used the proceeds from the sale of one mutual fund or unit investment trust to purchase another
mutual fund or unit investment trust. When you switch between mutual funds and/or unit investment trusts you may incur a new front-end
sales charge on the new purchase or start a new holding period that may apply for a deferred sales charge. You may also incur a deferred
sales charge on the security sold, The confirmation statement above may contain additional details about these charges. Many mutual fund
families allow investors to exchange between funds within a fund family without incurring front end or deferred sales charges. If, over time,
you redeem unit investment trusts before the termination date and use the proceeds to purchase new unit investment trusts, you will ex-
perience higher charges over multiple occurrences. You should consider this when considering making a new investment purchase. Since
the sale of any investment may have tax implications, we recommend you consult your tax advisor to review the effect of any transaction.

Addt'l Share Class Information


Asingle mutual fund usually offers different share classes to meet investor preference and needs. Each share class represents an invest
ment in the same mutual fund portfolio but provides a different option for how and when to pay for fund distribution costs. The key distinc-
tions among share classes are the sales charges and ongoing fees and expenses.

Morgan Stanley employs an order entry share class selection calculator designed to select the least costly share class option. The size of
your investment and your anticipated holding period are the principal variables. Investors generally should purchase class A shares (the
front-end sales charge alternative) or class A equivalent shares if they expect to hold the invest ment over the long-term (typically five years
or more) or are investing larger amounts where breakpoints may apply that reduce the front-end charges. Class C shares have level ongoing
sales charges that are built into the funds' internal expense structures and (due to the amounts of the ongoing sales charges) are generally
appropriate for shorter-term holding periods.

‘The share class(es) of the mutual fund{s) you purchased were selected based upon your current purchase amount, existing fund family
holdings and the investment time horizon you provided, Since your investment time horizon may be uncertain at the time of purchase or
change over time, the share class selected may not be the lowest cost over the actual life of the investment. The investment time horizon(s)
provided at the time of the purchase(s) is shown above. if you feel that the investment time horizon is Incorrect, please contact us as this
could impact the share class selection. More information on share classes is available on our website at the address noted below.

Additional Share Class Information




The share class(es) of the mutual funds) you purchased were selected based upon your current purchase amount, existing fund family
holdings and the investment time horizon you provided. Since your investment time horizon may be uncertain at the time of purchase or
change over time, the share class selected may not be the lowest cost over the actual life of the investment. The investment time horizon(s)
provided at the time of the purchase(s) is shown above. if you feel that the investment time horizon is incorrect, please contact us as this
could impact the share class selection. More information on share classes is available on our website at the address noted below.

Additional Share Class Information


Asingle mutual fund usually offers different share classes to meet investor preference and needs. Each share class represents an invest
ment in the same mutual fund portfolio but provides a different option for how and when to pay for fund distribution costs. The key distinc-
tions among share classes are the sales charges and ongoing fees and expenses. Morgan Stanley employs an order entry share class selec-
tion calculator designed to select the least costly share class option, The size of your investment and your anticipated holding period are
the principal variables. Investors generally should purchase class a shares (the front-end sales charge alternative) or class a equivalent
shares if they expect to hold the investment over the long-term (typically five years or more) or are investing larger amounts where break-
points may apply that reduce the front-end charges. Class c shares have level ongoing sales charges that are built into the funds' internal
expense structures and (due to the amounts of the ongoing sales charges) are generally appropriate for shorter-term holding periods.

Aged C Share Sale


Our records indicate that some or all of the class C shares of the mutual fund you sold were held for longer than five years. These shares
may have converted to load-waived class A shares or class A equivalent shares of the fund within the next twelve months if you continued
to hold them. This conversion may have resulted in reduced ongoing internal fund fees. The ongoing internal fees charged on A shares or A
equivalent shares are typically as much as seventy-five basis points (0.75%) lower per year than those charged on C shares of the same
fund. By selling this position you understand: 1) That you will not be eligible for the conversion to load waived A shares or A equivalent
shares on this position; 2) Any investments purchased or to be purchased with the proceeds of this sale may result in higher total fees/ex-
penses than you would have paid by continuing to hold the shares sold; and 3) Depending on the fund family and strategy, you may have
had the option of doing cost-free exchanges into other mutual funds within the same fund family that would not have affected the ex-
pected conversion to lower cost load-waived A shares or A equivalent shares. Additional information regarding aged class C shares and our
conversion program is available at: http://www.morganstanley.com/content/dam/msdotcom/en/assets/pdfs/wealth-management-disclo-
sures/mf_share_classes.pdf

Additional Document


Fund families have access to branch offices and financial advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts unless they do
not agree to make the support fee payments described above. While all revenue-sharing fund families are provided with such access, cer-
tain fund families (referred to as Global Partners) dedicate significant staffing and financial resources to these activities and therefore may

receive additional opportunities to sponsor firm events and promote their funds to Financial Advisors and clients. This could, in turn, lead
Financial Advisors to focus on those funds offered by our Global Partners when recommending mutual fund investments to clients instead
of on funds from those fund families that do not commit similar resources to educational, marketing and other promotional efforts. Our
Global Partners are denoted by an asterisk on the revenue-sharing fund families list available on our website

Additional Document


Morgan Stanley Smith Barney also receives a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, from each fund family we
offer. Revenue-sharing payments are generally paid out of the investment adviser's or other fund affiliate's revenues or profits and not
from the fund's assets. We charge fund families revenue-sharing fees up to a maximum per fund family of: (a) 0.10% Per year ($10 per
$10,000) on fixed income fund assets held by clients, and (b) 0.13% Per year ($13 per $10,000) on equity, balanced and offshore fund assets
held by clients, subject to a minimum charge of $125,000 per year per fund family. Financial Aadvisors receive absolutely no additional
compensation as a result of any revenue-sharing payments received.

Additional Document


For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. For further information regarding the fees and expenses borne by you when you purchase and hold mutual fund
shares in advisory accounts, please refer to your trak fund solution client agreement and adv brochure as well as the particular fund's pro-
spectus and statement of additional information, or call your Financial Advisor. More information about revenue sharing practices for mu-
‘tual fund purchases through traditional commission-based brokerage accounts is available at http://www.morganstanleyindivid-
ual.com/ourcommitmenty/ billofrights.asp.

Additional Document


MSSB consulting group investment advisor research department conducts research of various mutual funds for clients holding those funds
in certain investment advisory programs. If you have instead invested in another type of account, such as a brokerage account, you will not
receive the same research materials and status updates on the funds as we provide to investment advisory clients (including instructions on
selling fund shares).

Additional Document



Fees and expenses MSSB offer clients a large selection of no-load or load- waived mutual funds (.e., Funds without initial sales charges or
funds that waive any such charges) through the TRAK Fund Solution program. Although no sales charges are imposed on fund purchases in
the trak fund solution program, the TRAK Fund Solution program account fees are assessed on the value of those funds as set forth in


theTRAK Fund Solution program agreement. Each mutual fund also deducts certain ongoing fees from its assets to pay firms that provide
various services to the fund, such as the fund's investment adviser, transfer agent, custodian and administrator. Shareholder servicing fees,
management fees and other ongoing internal expenses associated with mutual fund are described in the mutual fund's prospectus fee ta-
ble. These fees will vary from fund to fund and for different share classes of the same fund.

Additional Document


Important remuneration note the information contained in this disclosure pertains to mutual fund purchases transacted through the trak
fund solution program of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney (MSS). It does not apply to mutual fund purchases through traditional commis-
sion-based brokerage accounts or through other advisory programs.

Additional Document


For additional information on a particular fund's payment and compensation practices, please refer to the fund's prospectus and statement
of additional information. Further information regarding revenue sharing (including a list of revenue-sharing fund families organized by size
of payment}, the fund fees and expenses borne by you, and how your financial advisor is compensated is available at: http://wmww2.Mor-
ganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/mutualfunds.asp, http://www2,Morganstanley.com/wealth/investmentsolutions/pdfs/reve-
nue_sharing. pdf or by calling your Financial Advisor.

Additional Document


Fund families have access to branch offices and financial advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts. Although all
fund families are provided with such access, some fund families devote more staff and resources to these activities and therefore may have
enhanced opportunities to promote their funds to Financial Advisors. This fact could, in turn, lead Financial Advisors to focuson those funds
when recommending mutual fund investments to clients instead of on funds from those fund families that do not commit similar resources
to educational, marketing and other promotional efforts.

Additional Document


Morgan Stanley Smith Barney also receives a mutual fund support fee, or what has come to be called a revenue-sharing payment, from
each fund family we offer. Revenue-sharing payments are generally paid out of the investment adviser's or other fund affiliate's revenues
or profits and not from the fund's assets. In 2010, we are charging fund families revenue-sharing fees up to a maximum per fund family of:
(a) 0.10% Per year ($10 per $10,000) on fixed income fund assets held by clients, and (b) 0.13% Per year ($13 per $10,000) on equity, bal-
anced and offshore fund assets held by clients, subject to a minimum charge of $125,000 per year per fund family. Financial Advisors re-
ceive absolutely no additional compensation as a result of any revenue-sharing payments received.

Additional Document


Important remuneration note in addition to the sales charges and/or contingent sales charges that investors purchasing mutual fund shares
may incur, funds are subject to annual distribution, investment management and/or shareholder service fees and expenses disclosed in the
fund prospectus fee table. Annual distribution and service fees (referred to as 12b-1 fees) typically range from 0.25% (Class a shares) up to
1.0% (Class b and class c shares) of the average net asset value of the fund. All or a portion of these annual fees may be paid to our Financial
Advisors.

Additional Document


Important investment switch information our records indicate that you may have used the proceeds from the sale of one mutual fund or
Unit investment trust to purchase another mutual fund or unit invest ment trust. When you switch between mutual funds and/or unit in-
vestment trusts you may incur a new front end sales charge on the new purchase or start a new holding period that may apply for a de-
ferred sales charge. You may also incur a deferred sales charge on the security sold. The confirmation statement above may contain addi-
tional details about these charges. Many mutual fund families allow investors to exchange between funds within a fund family without
incurring front end or deferred sales charges. Many unit investment trust sponsors offer sales charge discounts when you reinvest or rollo-
ver the proceeds from one unit investment trust at or near the end of its term into a new unit investment trust or series of the same trust.
HF you switch between unit investment trusts when the reinvestment or rollover privileges do not apply, you are generally not eligible for
sales charge discounts. You should consider these potential alternatives when considering making a new investment purchase.

Additional Document


Morgan Stanley Smith Barney's investment advisor research department conducts research on various mutual funds and exchange-traded
funds for clients holding those funds in certain investment advisory programs. if you have instead invested in any of these funds in another
type of account, such as a brokerage account, you will not receive the same research materials and status updates on the funds as we pro-
vide to investment advisory clients (including instructions on selling fund shares).

Leveraged/Inverse Fund Product


This is a solicited purchase of a leveraged, inverse or inverse leveraged mutual fund. While such products may be useful in certain trading or
hedging strategies, they are complex financial instruments that can be extremely volatile in price and have other unique risks. They typically
are designed to achieve their stated objectives on a daily or other periodic basis (e.g., Monthly). Due to the effects of compounding, the
performance of daily or periodic reset products over longer periods of time can differ significantly from their stated objective or reference
index or benchmark. For example, investors who hold a daily reset product for longer than one trading session are taking the risk that the


product's performance will not accurately track its stated objective or reference index or benchmark, Volatile markets can magnify these
performance and tracking disparities. Feel free to contact us for more information.

Leveraged/Inverse Fund Product


This is an unsolicited purchase of a leveraged, inverse or inverse leveraged mutual fund. While such products may be useful in certain trad-
ing or hedging strategies, they are complex financial instruments that can be extremely volatile in price and have other unique risks. They
Monthly). Due to the effects of compound-
ing, the performance of daily or periodic reset products over longer periods of time can differ significantly from their stated objective or

typically are designed to achieve their stated objectives on a daily or other periodic basis (2,

reference index or benchmark. For example, investors who hold a daily reset product for longer than one trading session are taking the risk
that the product's performance will not accurately track its stated objective or reference index or benchmark. Volatile markets can magnify
these performance and tracking disparities. Feel free to contact us for more information,




‘Morgan Stanley mutual fund transaction fee was charged. If order was entered electronically, a discount was applied.

-- BELOW ARE ALL THE DISCLOSURE OR DISCLAIMERS THAT CAN BE USED OR PRINTED IN THE TRADE CONFIRMS OR TRADE CONFIRMATION DOCUMENT FOR THE INVESTMENT PRODUCT KNOWN AS "FOREIGN EXCHANGE OR FX":



In some instances, settlement may be delayed due to foreign bank holidays.




Quantity above equals the foreign currency equivalent of Principal.




Tax/fee represents a tax imposed by a foreign jurisdiction




Price includes foreign securities clearing fee.




FSCF is foreign security handling fee

Affiliate Payment


The adviser for the fund pays our affiliate, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, a licensing fee of 0.30% of fund assets per year
for its use of the Morgan Stanley Multi FX Enhanced v10 USD Index (the fund's benchmark index). While our sales
representatives do not receive any portion of this fee, this added incentive could pose a conflict of interest for Mor-
gan Stanley Wealth Management and its representatives to recommend purchases of this fund. If you are a client
that is a qualified employee benefit plan, as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974

(ERISA), an individual retirement account described in section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended or a plan of other arrangement subject to fiduciary and prohibited transaction requirements of substan-
tially similar state, local or foreign law, Morgan Stanley will be acting as a fiduciary, as that term is defined under
ERISA, and any additional compensation received by an affiliate of Morgan Stanley in connection with the purchase
or sale of shares in the fund will be offset against the advisory fee applicable to your account.

Affiliate Payment


The adviser for the fund pays our affiliate, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, a licensing fee of 0.30% of fund assets per year
for its use of the Morgan Stanley Multi FX Enhanced v0 USD Index (the fund's benchmark index). While our sales
representatives do not receive any portion of this fee, this added incentive could pose a conflict of interest for Mor-
gan Stanley Wealth Management and its representatives to recommend purchases of this fund. If you are a client
that is a qualified employee benefit plan, as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
(ERISA), an individual retirement account described in section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended or a plan of other arrangement subject to fiduciary and prohibited transaction requirements of substan-
tially similar state, local or foreign law, Morgan Stanley will be acting as a fiduciary, as that term is defined under
ERISA, and any additional compensation received by an affiliate of Morgan Stanley in connection with the purchase
or sale of shares in the fund will be offset against the advisory fee applicable to your account.

Non-US Trade/USD Conversion


Please contact us for the foreign exchange rate applied to this transaction. We and our affiliates may profit from the
bid/offer spread reflected in the spot rate(s) used to effect any related currency conversion(s). Payments, including
cash dividends, in local currency generally must be converted to usd for most accounts. Feel free to contact us for
more information.

Additional Document.


Local currency bond. Total return in USD terms is dependent in part upon the performance of local currency vs. The
USD during the time the security is held. Please contact your Financial Advisor for the foreign exchange rate applied


to this transaction. Payments of interest and principal in local currency generally must be converted to USD for most
accounts. Ask your Financial Advisor for more information.

Additional Document


Please contact your Financial Advisor for the foreign exchange rate applied to this transaction. MSSB and its affiliates
may profit from the bid/offer spread reflected in the spot rate(s) used to effect any related currency conversion(s).
Payments, including cash dividends, in local currency generally must be converted to USD for most accounts. Ask
your Financial Advisor for more information.

NON-US TRADE/USD CONVERSION


Please contact us for the foreign exchange rate applied to this transaction. Payments, including cash dividends, in
local currency generally must be converted to USD for most accounts. Feel free to contact us for more information.

Additional Document


Yield is quoted in terms of local currency. Total return and/or yield in USD terms are dependent in part upon the
performance of local currency vs. The USD during the time the security is held, and may be higher or lower than

stated yield. Please contact your Financial Advisor for the foreign exchange rate applied to this transaction. Pay-

ments of interest and principal in local currency generally must be converted to USD for most accounts. Ask your
Financial Advisor for more information.




In some instances, settlement may be delayed due to foreign bank holidays





Price above equals the foreign exchange rate of this deposit




Quantity above equals the foreign currency equivalent of Principal

-- BELOW ARE ALL THE DISCLOSURE OR DISCLAIMERS THAT CAN BE USED OR PRINTED IN THE TRADE CONFIRMS OR TRADE CONFIRMATION DOCUMENT FOR THE INVESTMENT PRODUCT KNOWN AS "FIXED INCOME OR BONDS":
Venezuela Investment Risk


On August 25, 2017, the President signed an executive order imposing sanctions on the Venezuelan govern-
ment that ban U.S. Persons, including U.S. Regulated Financial Institutions, from transacting in most out-
standing debt securities and most new debt and equity securities, issued by the Republic of Venezuela and
entities owned or controlled by it. The U.S. Treasury department subsequently authorized transactions in
specified outstanding debt securities to continue. However, there can be no assurance that transactions in
these securities will continue to be permissible. In addition, certain bonds are in default, Trading in restruc-
tured or new debt will be impermissible unless specifically authorized by the U.S. Treasury department. As
a result, these securities may experience limited or no liquidity. There can be no assurance that principal or
interest will be paid. Securities issued by the venezuelan government and entities owned or controlled by it
will likely continue to be volatile due to political factors and escalating tension, debt restructurings, rela-
tively high debt loads and repeated downgrades, among other factors. These factors may further affect the
value, trading spreads, liquidity and credit quality of your Venezuelan securities. While any position in these
bonds may subject you to added risk, particular consideration should be given to situations where overall
exposure to Venezuelan debt makes up a significant part of your investments, even if that exposure is
spread across multiple issuers or securities. Please contact us for more information. This communication is
a notification and not a research report prepared by the research department of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
or Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. In providing this notification, Morgan Stanley is not expressing a view
on the likelihood of occurrence of any of the events or effects described above and is not making a recom-
mendation to investors concerning their Venezuelan investments.




Notice regarding potential Puerto Rico risk exposure As you may be aware, securities issued by the com-
monwealth of Puerto Rico has filed, and certain affiliates have filed or may in the future file, for bankruptcy
under Title III of the Puerto Rico oversight, management, and economic stability act. As a result, certain
bonds are in default and may experience limited or no liquidity. There can be no assurance that principal or
interest will be paid. Securities issued by the commonwealth of Puerto Rico or affiliates of the common-
wealth will likely continue to be volatile due to bankruptcy or the possibility of bankruptcy, repeated down-
grades, relatively high debt loads, defaults of certain securities, and litigation, among other factors. These
factors may further affect the value, liquidity, and credit quality of your Puerto Rico securities or mutual

funds that hold these securities, Particular consideration should be given to situations where overall expo-
sure to Puerto Rico debt makes up a significant part of one's investments, even if that exposure is spread
across multiple issuers or securities. The use of margin or other forms of borrowing against accounts that
hold Puerto Rico municipal bonds or mutual funds may increase the above-described risks.

Additional Document.


Notice regarding potential Puerto Rico risk exposure as you may be aware, Standard & Poor's, Moody's and
Fitch ratings downgraded to below investment grade a variety of bonds issued by the commonwealth of
puerto rico or affiliates of the Commonwealth. These downgrades and/or further downgrades, if any, may
affect the value and liquidity of your Puerto Rico bonds or mutual funds. Investors holding these securities
should continue to consider potential ongoing price volatility and the risk to their principal investment. Par-
ticular consideration should be given to situations where overall exposure to Puerto Rico debt makes up a
significant part of one's investments, even if that exposure is spread across multiple issuers or securities.
The use of margin or other forms of borrowing against accounts that hold Puerto Rico municipal bonds or
mutual funds may increase the above-described risks.

CoCo Risks


This is a contingent capital security (CoCo) and not a traditional convertible bond or debt security. Upon the
occurrence of certain triggering events described in the prospectus, these securities may be mandatorily
converted into common equity of the issuer, or the principal of the securities may be temporarily or perma-
nently written down. As a result, investors may lose all or part of their principal investment. In any manda-
tory conversion investors will likely receive common shares with a significantly diminished market value,
substantially less than the principal amount of the securities converted. Feel free to contact us for addi-
tional information.

Puerto Rico risk exposure




Notice regarding potential Puerto Rico risk exposure: as you may be aware, securities issued by the com-
monwealth of Puerto Rico has filed, and certain affiliates have filed or may in the future file, for bankruptcy
under Title III of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act. As a result, certain
bonds are in default and may experience limited or no liquidity. There can be no assurance that principal or
interest will be paid. Securities issued by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or affiliates of the Common-
wealth will likely continue to be volatile due to bankruptcy or the possibility of bankruptcy, repeated down-
grades, relatively high debt loads, defaults of certain securities, and litigation, among other factors. These
factors may further affect the value, liquidity, and credit quality of your Puerto Rico securities or mutual
funds that hold these securities. Consideration should be given to situations where overall exposure to
Puerto Rico debt makes up a significant part of one’s investments, even if that exposure is spread across
multiple issuers or securities. The use of margin or other forms of borrowing against accounts that hold
Puerto Rico municipal bonds or Mutual funds may increase the above-described risks. Please contact us if
you have any questions regarding the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico or affiliates of the Commonwealth or
any of the above information. Public filings are available on the municipal securities rulemaking boards,
Emma website at http://emma.msrb.org. This communication is a notification and not a research report
prepared by the research department of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC or Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. In
providing This notification, Morgan Stanley is not expressing a view on the likelihood of occurrence of any
of the events or effects described above and is not making a recommendation to investors concerning their
Puerto Rico investments.

Bonds in default


There is a risk these bonds will be deemed to be in default due to non-payment of interest. There can be no
assurance that principal or interest will be paid. These bonds may experience limited or no liquidity. Feel
free to contact us for additional information.

Bonds in default



These bonds are in default and may experience limited or no liquidity. There can be no assurance that prin-
cipal or interest will be paid. Investors who purchase the bonds on or after July 31, 2014 are entitled to all
unpaid and accrued interest if they continue to hold the bonds when any interest payments are made. Feel
free to contact us for additional information.




Insured by Bond Investors Guaranty Insurance.




Insured by Health Industry Bond Insurance.




Insured by Municipal Bond Insurance Association.




Insured by American Bond Assurance Corporation.


Additional Document


Auction orders may be transacted through Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC or Citigroup Global Markets LLC depending
upon where auction bidding rights for your auction rate securities are maintained. A description of Morgan Stanley's
material Auction Rate Securities practices and procedures is available at the following link: www.morganstan-

ley.com/about/company/governance/ARS.html a description of Citigroup's material auction rate securities practices

and procedures is available at the following link: www.Smithbarney.com/products_services/fixed_income/ auc-
tion_rate_securities for more information or to request that a copy of either of these practices and procedures be
sent to you, please contact your financial advisor.

Policy Ownership Note


Ownership of this annuity policy will be the same as your Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC account unless other-
wise instructed by you. Please refer to the annuity contract you will receive or have received from the insurance
company for the exact ownership structure of the annuity policy. Important remuneration note: This disclosure per-
tains to variable annuity sales through Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (Morgan Stanley). It does not apply to life
insurance, immediate/deferred income annuities, private placement variable annuities, index, fixed or MVA fixed
annuity sales.

Policy Ownership Note


Ownership of this annuity policy will be the same as your Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC account unless other-
wise instructed by you. Please refer to the annuity contract you will receive or have received from the insurance
company for the exact ownership structure of the annuity policy. Important remuneration note this disclosure per-
tains to single premium immediate annuity and deferred income annuity sales through Morgan Stanley Smith Bar-
ney LLC (Morgan Stanley). It does not apply to life insurance or variable, index, or fixed annuity sales. Expense pay-
ments & data analytics fees Morgan Stanley seeks prepayment from approved insurance companies of up to.
$26,000 to help cover the costs associated with platform administration, regulatory compliance and other distribu-
tion responsibilities. In addition, Morgan Stanley seeks reimbursement from approved insurance companies, their
parent or affiliated companies, or other service providers for the expenses incurred for various national, regional,
and local training and education events and conferences held in the normal course of business. Approved insurance
companies, their parent or affiliated companies, or other service providers independently decide if and what they

will spend on these activities. Morgan Stanley also provides insurance companies with the opportunity to purchase
supplemental annuity sales data analytics. The amount of the fees depends on the level of data provided. The cur-
rent fee is up to $40,000 per annum. Should an insurance company offer other financial products, insurance compa-
nies may purchase sales data analytics from Morgan Stanley on those products as well.

Policy Ownership Note


Ownership of this annuity policy will be the same as your Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC account unless other-
wise instructed by you. Please refer to the annuity contract you will receive or have received from the insurance
company for the exact ownership structure of the annuity policy. Important remuneration note: this disclosure per-
tains to fixed annuity sales through Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (Morgan Stanley). It does not apply to life in-
surance or variable, index, or immediate/deferred income annuity sales.

Policy Ownership Note


Policy ownership note: ownership of this annuity policy will be the same as your Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC
account unless otherwise instructed by you. Please refer to the annuity contract you will receive or have received
from the annuity company for the exact ownership structure of the annuity policy. This transaction represents the
purchase of an income annuity that is designed to provide you with a stream of income payments in accordance
with the product term that you have selected or will select and this product term is described in the income annuity
contract that you have received or will receive from the issuing annuity company.

Important remuneration note: this disclosure pertains to single premium immediate annuity and deferred income
annuity sales through Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC. It does not apply to life insurance or variable, indexed, fixed
or MVA fixed annuity sales. Expense reimbursements: Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC may seek prepayment or
reimbursement by approved providers, their parent or affiliated companies, or other service providers for the ex-
penses incurred for various sales meetings, seminars and conferences held in the normal course of business and
other administrative and compliance services.

Policy Ownership Note




Ownership of this private placement variable annuity (PPVA) policy will be the same as your Morgan Stanley Smith
Barney LLC account unless otherwise instructed by you. Please refer to the PPVA contract you will receive or have
received from the insurance company for the exact ownership structure of the PPVA policy. Important remunera-
tion note: this disclosure pertains to PPVA sales through Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (Morgan Stanley). It does
not apply to life insurance, standard variable annuities, immediate/deferred income, index, or fixed annuity sales.
Platform fee: Morgan Stanley seeks to collect an annual platform fee of 0.05% from the provider on contracts with
contract values of less than $25,000,000. Platform fees are not paid from a client's contract value or the assets of a
sub-account. It is important to note that our sales representatives receive no additional compensation as a result of
these payments.

Policy Ownership Note


Ownership of this annuity policy will be the same as your Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC account unless other-
wise instructed by you. Please refer to the annuity contract you will receive or have received from the insurance
company for the exact ownership structure of the annuity policy. Important remuneration note: This disclosure per-
tains to variable annuity sales through Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (Morgan Stanley). It does not apply to life
insurance, immediate/deferred income annuities, private placement variable annuities, index, or fixed annuity sales.

Policy Ownership Note


Ownership of this annuity policy will be the same as your Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC account unless other-
wise instructed by you. Please refer to the annuity contract you will receive or have received from the insurance
company for the exact ownership structure of the annuity policy. Important remuneration note this disclosure per-
tains to index annuity sales through Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC (Morgan Stanley). It does not apply to life in-
surance or variable, immediate/deferred income, or fixed/mva fixed annuity sales.

Mark-up / Mark-down


Fixed income securities (bonds) are traded over the counter (OTC) and not through an exchange like equity securi-
ties. The firm's mark-up or mark-down on your transaction is measured from the prevailing market price for the
fixed income security. The prevailing market price is determined by application of a series of factors prescribed by

industry regulators (FINRA and MSRB) and may not be the same as the firm's cost of sourcing, or its proceeds from
selling, the security. As such, industry participants may come to different determinations concerning the prevailing
market price of any given fixed income security at any point in time. In addition, the mark-up or mark-down is not
necessarily the same as the firm's profit or loss on the transaction, which may be impacted by a number of other
factors, such as out-of-pocket costs, namely regulatory fees and hedging costs, and intervening market movements,
among others factors, that do not impact the prevailing market price and/or the calculated mark-up or mark-down.
The firm has engaged a third party vendor to calculate the prevailing market price in accordance with FINRA and
MSRB rules.

Additional Document.


Morgan Stanley Smith Barney also receives a mutual fund support fee, also called a revenue-sharing payment, from
each fund family we offer. Revenue-sharing payments are generally paid out of the investment adviser's or other
fund affiliate's revenues or profits and not from the fund's assets. We charge fund families revenue-sharing fees up
toa maximum per fund family of: (a) 0.10% Per year ($10 per $10,000) on fixed income fund assets held by clients,
and (b) 0.13% Per year ($13 per $10,000) on equity, balanced and offshore fund assets held by clients, subject to a
minimum charge of $125,000 per year per fund family. Financial Aadvisors receive absolutely no additional compen-
sation as a result of any revenue-sharing payments received.

Additional Document.


Morgan Stanley Smith Barney also receives a mutual fund support fee, or what has come to be called a revenue-
sharing payment, from each fund family we offer. Revenue-sharing payments are generally paid out of the invest-
ment adviser's or other fund affiliate's revenues or profits and not from the fund's assets. In 2010, we are charging
fund families revenue-sharing fees up to a maximum per fund family of: (a) 0.10% Per year ($10 per $10,000) on
fixed income fund assets held by clients, and (b) 0.13% Per year ($13 per $10,000) on equity, balanced and offshore
fund assets held by clients, subject to a minimum charge of $125,000 per year per fund family. Financial Advisors
receive absolutely no additional compensation as a result of any revenue-sharing payments received.

-- BELOW ARE ALL THE DISCLOSURE OR DISCLAIMERS THAT CAN BE USED OR PRINTED IN THE TRADE CONFIRMS OR TRADE CONFIRMATION DOCUMENT FOR THE INVESTMENT PRODUCT KNOWN AS "ETF"(EXCHANGE TRADED FUND):
Inactive - Do Not Use


Morgan Stanley also provides all ETF sponsors with the opportunity to purchase
data analytics regarding ETF sales. For ETF sponsors electing to purchase such
data, the fee depends on the level of data and ranges up to $600,000 per year.
We generally charge sponsors of passive ETFs a separate transactional data fee
ranging up to $550,000 per year for those sponsors with more than one hundred
passively managed ETFs. For an additional fee, all ETF sponsors may purchase
supplemental data analytics regarding financial products sales at Morgan Stan-

ley. The revenue sharing, expense payments, and data analytic fees described
above present conflicts of interest for Morgan Stanley and our Financial Advisors.
Although we seek to charge uniform rates for revenue sharing, we are still in the
process of implementing our program. Until implementation is complete, we
have an incentive to promote and recommend those funds whose sponsors have
already started making these payments. In addition, since our revenue sharing
program applies only to actively managed ETFs and utilizes rates that are higher

for ETFs with higher management fees, we have a conflict of interest to promote
and recommend actively managed ETFs rather than passively managed ETFs, par-
ticularly those that have higher management fees. We also have a conflict of in-
terest to focus on ETFs whose sponsors provide significant sales expense support
and/or purchase data analytics, instead of ETFs from sponsors that do not. To
fate these conflicts, Financial Advisors and their branch managers do not re-
ceive additional compensation because of the revenue sharing and data anal
payments received by Morgan Stanley. For additional information on a particular

ETF, please refer to the ETF's prospectus and statement of additional infor-
mation. Further information about revenue sharing, expense payments, and data
analytics fees is available at: https://www.morganstanley.com/wealth-disclo-
sures/pdf/ETF_Revenue_Sharing_Expense_Payments_and_Data_Analyt-
ics_Fees.pdf or by contacting us. ETF investors are exposed to the risk, among
others, that the market price of ETF shares will not be equivalent to the dally net
asset value of the ETF's shares. ETFs may trade at a discount or premium to NAV.
Purchasing an ETF at a premium to NAV and/or selling an ETF at a discount to
NAV could significantly affect the realized return earned by an investor and such
realized return could be substantially different than the return of the ETF and, i

applicable, the index an ETF may seek to track. Premiums/discounts to NAV can
occur at any time. Significant premiums/discounts have occurred and may occur

in the future due to adverse trading conditions.

ETF Price Risk


ETF investors are exposed to the risk, among others, that the market price of ETF
shares will not be equivalent to the daily net asset value of the ETF's shares. ETFs

may trade at a discount or premium to NAV. In particular, purchasing an ETF at a
premium to NAV and/or selling an ETF at a discount to NAV could significantly af-

fect the realized return earned by an investor and such realized return could be
substantially different than the return of the ETF and, if applicable, the index an
ETF may seek to track. Premiums/discounts to NAV can occur at any time. Signif-

icant premiums/discounts have occurred and may occur in the future.

KID for UCITS MFs and ETFs


A Key Investor Information Document (KID) and/or a Key Information Document
(KID) is made available for each fund offered by an investment company that is
established in an EEA state as an Undertaking for Collective Investments in Trans-
ies in accordance with Directive 2009/65/EC (UCITS). The KID
and/or KID contains essential information and key facts about the UCITS fund
aimed at helping investors mak
the particular fund meets their needs. We have provided access to the KID

ferable Securi

informed investment decisions about whether

and/or KIID via a website, portal or other durable medium (other than paper) for
all investors who have made transactions in UCITS mutual funds and UCITS ex-
change-traded funds. Investors may request a paper copy of the KID and/or KIID
free of charge. Any KID and/or KIID provided to investors by means of a web-
site/portal, including any updates, is available at https://www.morganstan-
ley.com/disclaimers/KID-KlIDrepository for UCITS mutual funds and UCITS ex-
change-traded funds.

For EEA Investors effective January 1, 2023: You agree to review the KID, includ-
ig any updates, in good time before being bound by any contract or offer relat-

ing to any UCITS mutual fund transactions or UCITS exchange-traded funds, on a
trade by trade basis.

For all other Investors: You agree to review the KIID and/or KID, including any up-

dates, in good time before being bound by any contract or offer relating to any

UCITS mutual fund transactions or UCITS exchange-traded funds, on a trade by
trade basis.

Inactive - Do Not USe


Morgan Stanley also provides all ETF sponsors with the opportunity to purchase
ing to purchase such

data analytics regarding ETF sales. For ETF sponsors ele:

data, the fee depends on the level of data and ranges up to $600,000 per year.

We generally charge sponsors of passive ETFs a separate transactional data fee
ranging up to $550,000 per year for those sponsors with more than one hundred
passively-managed ETFs. For an additional fee, all ETF sponsors may purchase
supplemental data analytics regarding financial products sales at Morgan Stan-
ley. The revenue sharing, expense payments, and data analytic fees described
above present conflicts of interest for Morgan Stanley and our Financial Advisors.
in the

Although we seek to charge uniform rates for revenue sharing, we are sti
process of implementing our program. Until implementation is complete, we
have an incentive to promote and recommend those funds whose sponsors have
already started making these payments. In addition, since our revenue sharing
program applies only to actively-managed ETFs and utilizes rates that are higher
for ETFs with
and recommend actively-managed ETFs rather than passively-managed ETFs,

jher management fees, we have a conflict of interest to promote

particularly those that have higher management fees. We also have a conflict of
interest to focus on ETFs whose sponsors provide significant sales expense sup-
port and/or purchase data analytics, instead of ETFs from sponsors that do not.
In order to mitigate these conflicts, Financial Advisors and their branch managers
do not receive additional compensation as a result of the revenue sharing and
data anal

's payments received by Morgan Stanley. For additional information

on a particular ETF, please refer to the ETF's prospectus and statement of addi-
tional information. Further information about revenue sharing, expense pay-
ments, and data analytics fees is available at: https://www.morganstan-
ley.com/wealth-disclosures/pdf/ETF_Revenue_Sharing_Expense_Pay-
ments_and_Data_Analytics_Fees.pdf or by contacting us.

ETF Fees and Payments




Important Remuneration Note: ETFs may be actively-managed or passively-man-
aged. In general, actively-managed ETFs seek to outperform a market index or
target return whereas passively-managed ETFs seek to track the performance of
a market index. Morgan Stanley seeks to charge sponsors of actively-managed
ETFs a support fee, also called a revenue sharing payment. Revenue-sharing pay-
ments are generally paid out of the ETF's sponsor or other affiliate's revenues or
profits and not from the ETF's assets. We charge revenue sharing fees on client
account holdings in actively-managed ETFs according to a tiered rate that in-
creases along with the management fee of the ETF so that sponsors of actively-
managed ETFs pay lower rates on their ETFs with lower management fees than
her management fees. The rate ranges up to 0.10% per year
($10 per $10,000 of assets). The tiered rates are the same for commission-based

on those with

brokerage and fee-based advisory client account holdings. However, for advisory
accounts, there are account type and program exceptions, and the fees are re-
bated to clients. All ETF sponsors are typically provided with opportunities to
sponsor mee!
and financial advisors for educational, marketing and other promotional efforts.

gs and conferences, and are granted access to our branch offices.

Some ETF sponsors or their affiliates reimburse Morgan Stanley for certain ex-

penses incurred in connection with these promotional efforts, as well as training

programs. ETF sponsors independently decide if and what they will spend on
these activities, with some ETF sponsors agreeing to make annual dollar amount
expense reimbursement commitments of up to $725,000, although actual reim-
Advi-

bursements may be higher. Some sponsors of ETFs also invite our Finan:
sors to attend events.

ETF Fees and Payments


Important remuneration note: ETFs may be actively-managed or passively-man-
aged. In general, actively-managed ETFs seek to outperform a market index or
target return whereas passively-managed ETFs seek to track the performance of
a market index.

We seek to charge a support fee, also called a revenue sharing payment, to spon-
sors of actively-managed ETFs that can be recommended by Morgan Stanley's Fi-
nancial Advisors on our full-service platform (In-Scope ETFs). Revenue-sharing
payments are generally paid out of the In-Scope ETF's sponsor or other affiliate's
revenues or profits and not from the ETF's assets. We seek to charge revenue

sharing fees based on client account holdings in the In-Scope ETFs according to a
tiered rate that increases along with the management fee of the ETF so that
sponsors pay lower rates on their In-Scope ETFs with lower management fees
than on those with higher management fees. The rate ranges up to 0.10% per
year ($10 per $10,000 of assets). The tiered rates are the same for brokerage and
advisory client account holdings. However, for advisory accounts, there are ac-
count type and program exceptions, and the fees are rebated to clients.

All ETF sponsors are typically provided with opportunities to sponsor meetings
and conferences, and are granted access to our branch offices and Financial Advi-
sors for educational, marketing, and other promotional efforts. Some ETF spon-
sors or their affiliates reimburse us for certain expenses incurred in connection
with these promotional efforts, as well as training programs. We also provide all
ETF sponsors with the opportunity to purchase data analytics regarding ETF sales.
For ETF sponsors electing to purchase such data, the fee depends on the level of
data. We also offer sponsors of passive ETFs a separate transactional data fee
that depends on the number of ETFs the sponsor offers at our firm. For an addi-
tional fee, all ETF sponsors may purchase supplemental data analytics regarding
financial products sales at our firm.

The revenue sharing, expense payments, and data analytic fees described above
present conflicts of interest for us and, where applicable, our Financial Advisors.
Although we seek the same revenue sharing fee rate schedule for In-Scope ETFs,
we have an incentive to promote, and where applicable, to recommend, the In-
Scope ETFs whose sponsors make these payments over other ETFs whose spon-
sors do not. In addition, since our revenue sharing rates are higher for In-Scope
ETFs with higher management fees, we have a conflict of interest to promote
and, where applicable, to recommend, In-Scope ETFs with higher management
fees. We also have a conflict of interest to focus on ETFs whose sponsors provide
significant sales expense support and/or purchase data analytics, instead of ETFs
from sponsors that do not. In order to mitigate these conflicts, we either do not
make recommendations to purchase particular ETFs, or if we do, we do not pro-
vide individuals who can make recommendations, such as Financial Advisors and
their branch managers, with additional compensation as a result of the revenue

sharing and data analytics payments we receive.

For additional informal
tus and statement of ad

non a particular ETF, please refer to the ETF’s prospec-
ional information. Further information about revenue

sharing, expense payments, data analytics fees and conflicts are available in the
brochure titled ETF Revenue Sharing, Expense Payments and Data Analytics Fees,
which can be found on our website or by contacting us.

Our Global Investment Manager Analysis team conducts analysis on various ex-
change-traded funds for clients holding those funds in certain investment advi-
sory programs. If you have invested in any of these funds in another type of ac-
count, such as a brokerage account, you will not receive the same materials and
status updates on the funds as we provide to investment advisory clients (includ-
ing instructions on selling fund shares).